Name	Set	ImageFile	Element	Hit Points	Powerlevel	Level/Rank/Archetypes	Supertypes/Subtypes	Cost	Rarity	Description
Aura Vision BS 1	BS	BS-001.png	Light/Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	2	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Immune to Blindness Counter(s) and Drain Counter(s).
Bulk Upgrade BS 2	BS	BS-002.png	Nature/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped target has +4 PLV.
Commander's Whistle BS 3	BS	BS-003.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When this card enters the field, take control of the equipped Character until this card is destroyed.;If the equipped Character is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Cybernetic Implants BS 4	BS	BS-004.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Immune to Blindness Counter(s), Poison Counter(s), and Fracture Counter(s).
Doombringer BS 5	BS	BS-005.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Whenever the equipped Character attacks, target opponent Player sends the top 2 cards of their Deck to their Rift Zone.
Dreadforge Mindlink BS 6	BS	BS-006.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Arm Up 2 (If 2 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);All cards equipped to the equipped target count towards this card's Arm Up.;While this card is Armed Up, once per round you may heal target reachable Character or Player for 2 HP.
Electron Barrier BS 7	BS	BS-007.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Modifier	Augment	5	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character can't be targeted or affected by cards or abilities your opponents control unless they pay 2 TP for each card or ability that targets the equipped Character.
Energy Generator BS 8	BS	BS-008.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Augment	4	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Power Source 1.
Gift of Darkness BS 9	BS	BS-009.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Darkness-type Attacks.
Gift of Evergreen BS 10	BS	BS-010.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Nature-type Attacks.
Gift of Light BS 11	BS	BS-011.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Light-type Attacks.
Gift of Steel BS 12	BS	BS-012.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Metal-type Attacks.
Gift of the Ages BS 13	BS	BS-013.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Time-type Attacks.
Gift of the Flame BS 14	BS	BS-014.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Fire-type Attacks.
Gift of the Mineral BS 15	BS	BS-015.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Earth-type Attacks.
Gift of the Nebula BS 16	BS	BS-016.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Space-type Attacks.
Gift of the Ocean BS 17	BS	BS-017.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Water-type Attacks.
Gift of the Zephyr BS 18	BS	BS-018.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character deals 2 more Damage per hit with Storm-type Attacks.
Ironskin BS 19	BS	BS-019.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	4	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, during your Starting Phase, put 1 Shield Counter(s) on the equipped Character.
Junk Cycler BS 20	BS	BS-020.png	Earth/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Equipment	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, the equipped Player may discard a card to draw a card.
Karate Gi BS 21	BS	BS-021.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Common	Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped target has Multistrike 1.
Medic's Touch BS 22	BS	BS-022.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character may target their allies with Normal Rank Attacks. If they do, they heal their target for a number of HP equal to their PLV instead of dealing Damage.
Molecular Hyperdrive BS 23	BS	BS-023.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Enhancement	Augment	6	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If the equipped Character attacks successfully, gain 1 TP.
Morale Boost BS 24	BS	BS-024.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Player can store an extra 2 TP.
Negate Draw BS 25	BS	BS-025.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse	Augment	2	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Each time the equipped player would draw cards, Negate that draw unless they pay 1 TP.
Overclock BS 26	BS	BS-026.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	3	Uncommon	Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s).;If the equipped target attacks, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card.;Remove 3 Power Counter(s): Gain 1 TP.
Overpower BS 27	BS	BS-027.png	Time/Nature	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Enhancement	Augment	8	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, during your End Phase, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card. The equipped Character has +X PLV, where X is the number of Power Counter(s) on this card.
Personal Compactor BS 28	BS	BS-028.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Modifier	Augment	2	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has -5 Level.
Reflective Shield BS 29	BS	BS-029.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	2	Common	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per turn, the equipped target may pay 2 TP to Deflect 1 Attack of Hyper Rank or lower that targets them.
Serpent's Tongue BS 30	BS	BS-030.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	2	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If the equipped Character attacks successfully, put 1 Poison Counter(s) on each target hit successfully by that Attack.
Superpower Aura BS 31	BS	BS-031.png	Light/Nature	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Enhancement	Augment	6	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Aura 1.
Technophobia BS 32	BS	BS-032.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Immune to Equipment.;If the equipped Character attacks a target that has any Equipment cards equipped to them, that Attack deals double Damage.
Alex Leo BS 33	BS	BS-033.png	Fire	8	3	Level 6 Fighter	Character	3	Uncommon	Mastery of Fire-type (This card's Damage with Attacks that have at least 1 of the listed elements is doubled.);If this card attacks with a Fire-type Attack, put 1 Damage Counter on this card.
Animus Spirit Hakkon BS 34	BS	BS-034.png	Nature	7	2	Level 6 Undead	Character	3	Rare	Backup: Once per turn, during your Starting Phase, you may put 1 Poison Counter(s) on target Character. (This effect is active while this card is in your Backup Zone.);If this card attacks, put 1 Poison Counter(s) on this card and each target of that Attack.;This card heals instead of receiving Damage Counters from the effects of Poison Counter(s).
Arrogant Gangster BS 35	BS	BS-035.png	Dark	4	1	Level 2 Thug	Character	1	Common	If you have more HP than an opponent Player, this card has +2 PLV.
Aura Zephyr BS 36	BS	BS-036.png	Time/Storm	5	2	Level 4 Knight	Character	2	Uncommon	Flash (This card can attack the turn it enters the field.);Multistrike 1 (This card can perform their Normal Attack 1 more time(s) per round.)
Baron Ludevic BS 37	BS	BS-037.png	Metal	9	1	Level 7 Machine	Character	3	Uncommon	Provoke (Your opponents' attacks must target cards with this keyword first if they can reach them.);Once per turn, during your Starting Phase, this card heals for a number of HP equal to the number of cards with Equip equipped to it.
Captain Meteor BS 38	BS	BS-038.png	Space	5	1	Level 3 Cadet	Character	2	Common	If you draw a card, this card gains +1 PLV until this turn's End Phase.
Cort Destro BS 39	BS	BS-039.png	Metal/Fire	11	3	Level 10 Machine Soldier	Character	5	Rare	Reinforce 3 (If at least 3 Characters are in your Backup Zone, this card's Reinforce effect is active.);This card's Normal Rank Attacks are Fire-type. If its Reinforce is active, it has Mastery of Fire-type.
Cosmic Scribe BS 40	BS	BS-040.png	Space/Water	4	4	Level 5 Magician	Character	2	Uncommon	Carrier 2 (This card enters the field with 2 Power Counter(s) on it.);Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter(s) from this card to draw the top or bottom card of your Deck.
Crusader Golem BS 41	BS	BS-041.png	Light/Earth	3	1	Level 2 Golem	Character	1	Common	Your Fighter Pool can have any number of cards named Crusader Golem.;Other Golems you control have +1 HP and +1 PLV.
Dragonward Warrior BS 42	BS	BS-042.png	Metal/Earth	9	3	Level 7 Knight	Character	4	Rare	If this card is attacked, that Attack deals Basic Damage instead of Unblockable or True Damage.
Dreadforge Armorer BS 43	BS	BS-043.png	Metal/Water	10	3	Level 7 Machine	Character	3	Uncommon	Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While this card is Armed Up, once per round you may put your choice of 2 Barrier Counter(s) or 2 Shield Counter(s) on target ally Character.
Dreadforge Assassin BS 44	BS	BS-044.png	Dark/Metal	8	4	Level 5 Machine	Character	2	Rare	Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);If this card Attacks successfully and is Armed Up, each target of that attack that received Damage gains Concussion until this turn's End Phase.
Dreadforge Conduit BS 45	BS	BS-045.png	Metal/Storm	10	2	Level 10 Machine Elemental	Character	5	Super Rare	Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);If this card Attacks and is Armed Up, gain 1 TP for each target of this Attack.
Dreadforge Predator BS 46	BS	BS-046.png	Metal/Nature	8	4	Level 6 Machine Fighter	Character	3	Common	Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While this card is Armed Up, it has Lock-On.
Dreadforge Subjugator BS 47	BS	BS-047.png	Light/Metal	8	5	Level 8 Machine Brute	Character	4	Common	Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);When this card becomes Armed Up, Mute target reachable opponent Character until this card is no longer Armed Up.
Dust Elemental BS 48	BS	BS-048.png	Earth	6	1	Level 3 Elemental	Character	1	Common	If this card receives Damage Counters from an Attack, put 1 Fracture Counter(s) on the attacker.;If this card attacks, put 1 Fracture Counter(s) on each target of this Attack.
Escalus Kirby BS 49	BS	BS-049.png	Space/Storm	10	4	Level 9 Magician	Character	5	Rare	Backup: Power Source 1. (This effect is active while this card is in your Backup Zone.);Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.)
Forgemaster BS 50	BS	BS-050.png	Metal/Earth	16	3	Level 14 Machine Knight	Character	5	Ultra Rare	Stacker 3 (When this card enters the field, put 3 card(s) from your hand underneath this card. If you can't, destroy this card.);Unstack 1: Search your Deck for an Augment or Item card, then send that card to your Hand and shuffle your Deck. This ability can only be used once per round.
Fury Elemental BS 51	BS	BS-051.png	Fire	10	1	Level 5 Elemental	Character	2	Common	Flash (This card can attack the turn it enters the field.);Aura 2 (For every multiple of 2 Damage Counters this card has, it has +1 PLV.);During your End Phase, if this card didn't deal Damage this turn, send it to your Discard Pile.
Immortal Dead BS 52	BS	BS-052.png	Time/Dark	5	2	Level 4 Undead	Character	2	Uncommon	You may play this card from your Discard Pile as if it was in your Fighter Pool. If you do, you receive 4 True Damage.
Jam Blob BS 53	BS	BS-053.png	Light	6	2	Level 2 Slime	Character	1	Common	Immune to Fracture Counter(s) (This card cannot be targeted or affected by the listed card types, abilities, or effects.);When this card enters the field, you may put 2 Barrier Counter(s) on target ally Character.
Jungle Dryad BS 54	BS	BS-054.png	Nature	10	2	Level 6 Plant Fey	Character	3	Rare	All ally Characters have +X HP, where X is the number of Power Counter(s) on this card.;Once per round, you may pay 2 TP to put 1 Power Counter(s) on target ally Character.
Kreigendyne BS 55	BS	BS-055.png	Metal/Storm	9	2	Level 6 Machine	Character	3	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). Once per turn, during your End Phase, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card. X is equal to the number of Power Counter(s) on this card.;Power Source X (During your Starting Phase, you gain X TP.)
Kronus, Avatar of Eternity BS 56	BS	BS-056.png	Time	8	2	Level 6 Avatar	Character	3	Rare	Backup: Power Source 1. (This effect is active while this card is in your Backup Zone.);Once per round, after the End Phase of your turn, gain 1 TP.
Lars Draigo BS 57	BS	BS-057.png	Dark	7	3	Level 5 Thug	Character	2	Common	Once per round, you may pay 2 TP to give target opponent Character Deathmark.
Lilly Poh BS 58	BS	BS-058.png	Light/Nature	5	2	Level 4 Fey Fighter	Character	2	Uncommon	If this card attacks with an Energy Attack, this Attack does 2 more Damage per hit.
Lunar Mylus BS 59	BS	BS-059.png	Space/Dark	8	2	Level 8 Demon	Character	4	Rare	Once per round, you may send the top card of your Deck to your Rift Zone to put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card.;Pay 3 TP: This card gains +X PLV until this turn's End Phase, where X is the number of Power Counter(s) on it.
Lyle Rage Form Omega BS 60	BS	BS-060.png	Space/Time	15	5	Level-Up Celestial Avatar	Character	3	Super Rare	Level-Up Lyle Rage Form Sigma (To play this card, you must own and control the listed card(s) and they must be able to attack. When this card enters the field, place the listed cards underneath it.);Power Source 3 (During your Starting Phase, you gain 3 TP.);Bloodlust 2 (If this card deals Damage, this card heals for 2 HP.)
Lyle Rage Form Sigma BS 61	BS	BS-061.png	Dark	10	4	Level-Up Celestial Demon	Character	2	Uncommon	Level-Up Lyle Rage (To play this card, you must own and control the listed card(s) and they must be able to attack. When this card enters the field, place the listed cards underneath it.);Power Source 1 (During your Starting Phase, you gain 1 TP.);Bloodlust 1 (If this card deals Damage, this card heals for 1 HP.)
Lyle Rage BS 62	BS	BS-062.png	Time	6	4	Level 7 Celestial Fighter	Character	3	Common	Power Source 1 (During your Starting Phase, you gain 1 TP.)
Marko Sears BS 63	BS	BS-063.png	Fire	5	3	Level 5 Fighter	Character	3	Uncommon	If this card attacks, it gains +1 PLV after dealing that Attack's Damage until this turn's End Phase.
Mars the Purifier BS 64	BS	BS-064.png	Light	12	4	Level 9 Knight	Character	4	Rare	All Knights have Mastery of Light-type. (This card's Damage with Attacks that have at least 1 of the listed elements is doubled.)
Match Gunther BS 65	BS	BS-065.png	Dark/Storm	4	4	Level 6 Machine Soldier	Character	3	Uncommon	Backup: Lock-On. Mastery of Storm-type. (This effect is active while this card is in your Backup Zone.);Pay 2 TP: Target Character gains Deathmark until this turn's End Phase.
Nebula Slime BS 66	BS	BS-066.png	Space	4	1	Level 3 Slime	Character	1	Common	If this card gets Knocked Out, target Player sends the top 2 cards of their Deck to their Rift Zone.
Phantom Guardian BS 67	BS	BS-067.png	Light/Dark	7	2	Level 5 Undead Knight	Character	3	Uncommon	This card enters the field with 2 Barrier Counter(s) on it.;When this card enters the field, put 1 Curse Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character.
Riley Aero BS 68	BS	BS-068.png	Light	8	2	Level 7 Trickster Lycan Fighter	Character	3	Uncommon	Once per round, you may discard an Item, Augment, or Zone card to attach a Skill or Reaction card from your Discard Pile to this card.
Rundo Rondo BS 69	BS	BS-069.png	Storm/Earth	6	3	Level 6 Thug	Character	3	Uncommon	If this card hits successfully with a Normal Rank Attack, put 1 Paralyze Counter(s) on each target hit successfully by that Attack.
Scorchwillow Dryad BS 70	BS	BS-070.png	Nature/Fire	8	2	Level 5 Plant Fey	Character	2	Uncommon	If a Character you control has Damage Counters removed from it, you may put a number of Damage Counters on target Character equal to this card's PLV.
Seawitch Atholla BS 71	BS	BS-071.png	Water	7	2	Level 4 Seacreature	Character	2	Uncommon	Backup: Once per round, during your Draw Phase, you may pay 1 TP and discard a card to draw a card. (This effect is active while this card is in your Backup Zone.);Once per round, you may pay 1 TP and discard a card to draw a card.
Shaun Mylus BS 72	BS	BS-072.png	Space/Light	6	3	Level 8 Elemental Avatar	Character	4	Rare	This card's Attacks deal Unblockable Damage instead of Basic Damage.
Shinesteel Sentinel BS 73	BS	BS-073.png	Light/Metal	10	2	Level 6 Machine	Character	3	Common	If this card receives Damage Counters from an Attack, put 1 Barrier Counter(s) on it.
Space Kraken BS 74	BS	BS-074.png	Space/Water	8	3	Level 6 Seacreature Abomination	Character	3	Uncommon	Skills and Reactions can't activate unless their controller pays 1 TP.
Stellar Vagrant BS 75	BS	BS-075.png	Space/Earth	3	2	Level 4 Cadet	Character	2	Common	Once per round, during your Starting Phase, send the top card of each Player's Deck to their Rift Zone.
Thunderous Hermit BS 76	BS	BS-076.png	Storm	7	2	Level 5 Fighter	Character	2	Common	This card can have any number of cards in its Equip Zone.
Voltage Elemental BS 77	BS	BS-077.png	Storm	3	3	Level 3 Elemental	Character	1	Uncommon	Flash (This card can attack the turn it enters the field.);Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.)
Voodoo Flytrap BS 78	BS	BS-078.png	Dark/Nature	6	2	Level 6 Undead Plant	Character	3	Super Rare	If a Character would receive Poison Counter(s), put an equal amount of Drain Counter(s) on them.
Abyssal Orb BS 79	BS	BS-079.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Item Augment	4	Rare	Void (If this card is destroyed, send it to its owner's Rift Zone.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Mastery of Null-type and Void.
Almadine Ring BS 80	BS	BS-080.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Fire-type.
Amazonite Ring BS 81	BS	BS-081.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Storm-type.
Ammonite Ring BS 82	BS	BS-082.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Time-type.
Axinite Ring BS 83	BS	BS-083.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Earth-type.
Blade of Kings BS 84	BS	BS-084.png	Light/Metal	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Equipment	Item Augment	6	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Carrier 3 (This card enters the field with 3 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;The equipped Character has +X PLV, where X is equal to their Level. If the equipped Character attacks, remove 1 Power Counter(s) from this card.
Breaker Blade BS 85	BS	BS-085.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Equipment	Item Augment	4	Uncommon	Carrier 3 (This card enters the field with 3 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;Remove 1 Power Counter(s): Destroy 1 Item, Augment, or Zone card.
Citrine Ring BS 86	BS	BS-086.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Light-type.
Crashlanders BS 87	BS	BS-087.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Item Augment	5	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has +4 HP and Immune to Fracture Counter(s), Paralyze Counter(s).
Dragonfire Scale BS 88	BS	BS-088.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment Energy Attack	Item Augment	5	Rare	Equip Player, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If the equipped target becomes targeted by an Attack or ability, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card.;Remove X Power Counter(s): The equipped target hits target reachable opponent for X Unblockable Damage.
Glass Cannon BS 89	BS	BS-089.png	Dark/Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Equipment	Item Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has +4 PLV. If they deal or receive Damage, destroy this card.
Hematite Ring BS 90	BS	BS-090.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Metal-type.
Malachite Ring BS 91	BS	BS-091.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Nature-type=.
Melanite Ring BS 92	BS	BS-092.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Darkness-type.
Pallasite Ring BS 93	BS	BS-093.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Space-type.
Sodalite Ring BS 94	BS	BS-094.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Item Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The equipped Character has Infused with Water-type.
Solar Panel BS 95	BS	BS-095.png	Light/Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Resource	Item Augment	4	Rare	Carrier 1 (This card enters the field with 1 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 10 Power Counter(s). Once per round, during your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card. If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;Once per round, you may remove all Power Counter(s) from this card to gain 1 TP for each Power Counter(s) removed this way.
Sparring Gloves BS 96	BS	BS-096.png	Nature/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Draw Enhancement Equipment	Item Augment	4	Common	Carrier 3 (This card enters the field with 3 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Ally Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;The equipped Character has +2 PLV. If they Attack, their controller may remove 1 Power Counter(s) from this card to draw a card.
Tower Shield BS 97	BS	BS-097.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Item Augment	5	Uncommon	Carrier 3 (This card enters the field with 3 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;The equipped Character has a number of additional Shield Counter(s) equal to the amount of Power Counter(s) on this card. If they Negate an Attack with Shield Counter(s), remove 1 Power Counter(s) from this card instead.
Void Gauntlet BS 98	BS	BS-098.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Equipment	Item Augment	6	Rare	Immune to Destroy (This card cannot be targeted or affected by the listed card types, abilities, or effects.);Carrier 2 (This card enters the field with 2 Power Counter(s) on it.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card can hold a maximum of 2 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, send it to its owner's Rift Zone.;The equipped Character has +1 PLV for each card in your Rift Zone. If the equipped Character attacks, remove 1 Power Counter(s) from this card.
Adrenaline Shot BS 99	BS	BS-099.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Buff	Item	4	Common	Target reachable Character gets +2 PLV and Multistrike 1 until this turn's End Phase.
Amnesia Grenade BS 100	BS	BS-100.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Item	2	Common	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Destroy a card in target Character or Player's Equip Zone.
Angelic Smite BS 101	BS	BS-101.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction	Item	4	Common	Knock Out target Character.
Antitoxin BS 102	BS	BS-102.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Item	2	Common	Remove all Poison Counter(s) and Drain Counter(s) from target Character.
Box of Bandages BS 103	BS	BS-103.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery	Item	0	Common	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Target Character or Player heals for 2 HP then send this card to your Rift Zone.
Continue Token BS 104	BS	BS-104.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Item	3	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Play target non-Level-Up Character from a Discard Pile as if that Character was from your Fighter Pool without paying TP.
Continuum Potion BS 105	BS	BS-105.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Recovery	Item	0	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Send up to 2 cards from the top of your Deck to your Rift Zone. Gain 1 TP for each card sent to your Rift Zone this way.
Counter Generator BS 106	BS	BS-106.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Item	4	Rare	Carrier 3 (This card enters the field with 3 Power Counter(s) on it.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counter(s). If it has no Power Counter(s) on it, destroy it.;Remove 1 Power Counter(s): Put 1 Power Counter(s) on target card you control except for cards named Counter Generator. This ability can only be used once per round.
Death Sickle BS 107	BS	BS-107.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse	Item	4	Uncommon	Put 1 Curse Counter(s) on all reachable opponent Characters.
Dreadforge Arsenal BS 108	BS	BS-108.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Search Draw Buff	Item	3	Uncommon	Search your Deck for a card with Equip and equip it to a relevant target without paying TP then shuffle your Deck.
Ejector Seat BS 109	BS	BS-109.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Displacer	Item	3	Uncommon	Send target Character from the field to their owner's Fighter Pool. All non-Character cards underneath it and equipped to it are returned to their owners' Hands and all Character cards underneath it and equipped to it are sent to their owners' Discard Piles.
Gemstone Crusher BS 110	BS	BS-110.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Projectile Attack	Item	5	Rare	Hit target reachable opponent for 6 Basic Damage. If successful, put a number of Fracture Counter(s) on that target equal to the Damage dealt.
Invincibility Stone BS 111	BS	BS-111.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Defense	Item	8	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Void (If this card is destroyed, send it to its owner's Rift Zone.);Target Character or Player gains Immune to Everything until your next Starting Phase.
Medical Supply Kit BS 112	BS	BS-112.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Recovery	Item	5	Uncommon	Remove all non-Damage non- Power Counter(s) Counters from target reachable Character or Player then heal your target for 6 HP.
Mind Eraser BS 113	BS	BS-113.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Item	2	Common	Destroy a non-Character card.
MIRV Grenade BS 114	BS	BS-114.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Projectile Attack	Item	4	Rare	Replay: 1 TP. (You may pay this cost to activate this card again before it's destroyed.);Hit up to X target reachable opponents for X+2 Basic Damage, where X is the number of times this card's Replay was paid.
Paper Shredder BS 115	BS	BS-115.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Item	1	Common	Target Player sends the top 2 cards of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
Pocket Reality BS 116	BS	BS-116.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Defense	Item	5	Uncommon	Target Character gains Immune to Damage and Recovery until your next Starting Phase.
Power Potion BS 117	BS	BS-117.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Item	0	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Gain 3 TP.
Recovery Wrap BS 118	BS	BS-118.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery	Item	1	Uncommon	Send target Character from your Discard Pile to your Fighter Pool.
Script of Balance BS 119	BS	BS-119.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Draw	Item	5	Super Rare	Void (If this card is destroyed, send it to its owner's Rift Zone.);Choose one:; - Your TP becomes equal to target Player's TP.; - Draw or discard cards until you have as many cards in your Hand as target Player.
Singularity Grenade BS 120	BS	BS-120.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Destruction Displacer	Item	10	Ultra Rare	Knock Out all Characters in all Character Zones and send all Characters in all Backup Zones to their controllers' Character Zones. If it's your turn, your turn ends.
Sonic Grenade BS 121	BS	BS-121.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Projectile Attack	Item	4	Uncommon	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Hit target opponent Character for 4 Basic Damage. If successful, Mute your target until your next turn's Starting Phase.
Stun Grenade BS 122	BS	BS-122.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Item	2	Common	Target opponent Player loses 4 TP.
Summon Staff BS 123	BS	BS-123.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource	Item	2	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Play 1 Character from your Fighter Pool without paying TP.
Tactical Visor BS 124	BS	BS-124.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Item	4	Rare	All opponent Players reveal their Hands to you.;All opponent Characters reveal their equipped cards to you.
Tears of Life BS 125	BS	BS-125.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Recovery	Item	6	Rare	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Remove all Counters from target Character. They lose all gained temporary keywords, abilities, and effects.
Temporal Battery BS 126	BS	BS-126.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Recovery	Item	0	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Discard up to 2 cards then gain 1 TP for each card discarded this way.
Vampiric Dart BS 127	BS	BS-127.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn Recovery Projectile Attack	Item	2	Uncommon	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Hit target opponent for 4 True Damage then heal target ally for a number of HP equal to the Damage dealt.
Variable Sword BS 128	BS	BS-128.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Chance Equipment Attack	Item	6	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Roll a d20, then do the following based on the result:; - 1-6: Hit target reachable opponent for 2 Basic Damage.; - 7-12: Hit target reachable opponent for 6 Unblockable Damage.; - 13-20: Lock-On. Hit target opponent for 10 True Damage.; - 20: Replay: Roll again and use the new result for the new activation.
Worldcleaver BS 129	BS	BS-129.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction	Item	2	Common	Destroy a Zone card.
Banish Trap BS 133	BS	BS-130.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Debuff Trap	Reaction Skill	6	Rare	Contingency: The user is Space-type and you have at least 1 card in your Rift Zone. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Target opponent Character gains Void until your next Starting Phase. If this card's Contingency was met, hit your target for X True Damage, where X is the number of cards in your Rift Zone.
Beam Struggle BS 134	BS	BS-131.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chain Energy Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2xX Basic Damage, where X is the number of cards in the current Chain.
Explosive Trap BS 135	BS	BS-132.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Trap Debuff	Reaction Skill	3	Rare	Contingency: The user is Fire-type and an opponent is attacking with a Normal Rank Attack. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Put 3 Blindness Counter(s) on target reachable Character. If this card's Contingency was met, that Character gains Concussion.
Frost Trap BS 136	BS	BS-133.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Draw Burn Debuff Trap	Reaction Skill	3	Rare	Contingency: The user is Water-type and an opponent Player has drawn 3 or more cards during this round. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Put 2 Paralyze Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character. If this card's Contingency was met, target Player shuffles their Hand back into their Deck and draws 2 cards.
Gamma Storm BS 137	BS	BS-134.png	Space/Storm	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank_ Rift Debuff	Reaction Skill	8	Super Rare	Overdrive: Send the top 4 cards from your Deck to your Rift Zone. (You may pay this cost to trigger this card's Overdrive effect.);Put 10 Poison Counter(s) and 10 Fracture Counter(s) on all opponent Characters. If this card's Overdrive was paid, all opponent Characters gain Concussion until your next Starting Phase.
Mud Trap BS 138	BS	BS-135.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Trap	Reaction Skill	3	Rare	Contingency: The user is Earth-type and an opponent Player controls a Character of Level 8 or higher. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Put 4 Fracture Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character. If this card's Contingency was met, put 2 Curse Counter(s) on that Character.
Penance Trap BS 139	BS	BS-136.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Trap Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Rare	Contingency: The user is Light-type and an opponent Knocked Out a Character during this turn. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for X Basic Damage, where X is equal to their Level. If this card's Contingency was met, heal target ally for a number of HP equal to the Damage dealt.
Power Veil BS 140	BS	BS-137.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Reaction Skill	0	Rare	This card can be played from your Hand.;You gain 2 TP. You lose any unspent TP during this turn's End Phase.
Rapid Degradation BS 141	BS	BS-138.png	Space/Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff	Reaction Skill	6	Rare	Choose a Supertype. Abilities and effects from cards with the chosen Supertype can't be played or activated until your next Starting Phase.
Sawblade Trap BS 142	BS	BS-139.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Counter Trap Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Rare	Contingency: The user is Metal-type and an opponent is attacking. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for X Unblockable Damage, where X is that Character's Level. If this card's Contingency was met, this Attack's Damage is doubled.
Shock Trap BS 143	BS	BS-140.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Trap Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Rare	Contingency: The user is Storm-type and an opponent Player controls at least 1 Character or Item card with Power Counter(s) on it. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, remove up to 3 Power Counter(s) divided as you choose among any number of Characters and Items opponent Players control.
Spikepit Trap BS 144	BS	BS-141.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Counter Trap Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Rare	Contingency: The user is Darkness-type and an opponent Character is using a Reaction. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, Knock Out that Character.
Stasis Trap BS 145	BS	BS-142.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Recovery Trap	Reaction Skill	3	Rare	Contingency: The user is Time-type and an opponent has more TP than you. (You may play this card immediately if this card's Contingency requirements are met.);Target opponent Player loses 2 TP. If this card's Contingency was met, all opponent Players lose 2 TP instead and gain a number of TP equal to the TP those Players lost this way.
Treeroot Trap BS 146	BS	BS-143.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Burn Trap Attack	Reaction Skill	3	Rare	Contingency: The user is Nature-type and an opponent Player has 10 or fewer cards in their Discard Pile.;Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, target opponent Player shuffles their Deck and sends the top 3 cards of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
War Cry BS 147	BS	BS-144.png	Earth/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Chain Buff	Reaction Skill	3	Uncommon	This card can be used during any Phase.;The user gains +2 PLV, +1 for each card in the current Chain until this turn's End Phase.
Amplify BS 148	BS	BS-145.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff	Reaction	1	Common	If you draw this card, you may play it from your Hand immediately.;Target Character's Attacks have 1 additional hit until your next Starting Phase.
Astral Destiny BS 149	BS	BS-146.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Rift Debuff	Reaction	1	Common	If you draw this card, you may play it from your Hand immediately.;Target Character gains Void until your next Starting Phase.
Black Ice BS 150	BS	BS-147.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Defense	Reaction	1	Uncommon	Reduce 1 Attack's Basic Damage per hit by the user's PLV.
Boiling Ice Armor BS 151	BS	BS-148.png	Water/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	3	Rare	Paradox: All Unblockable and True Damage the user receives becomes Basic Damage until your next Starting Phase. (If your Character Element Pool has this card's element(s), this card's Paradox is active.);Block 1 Physical Attack of Special Rank or lower.
Compress BS 152	BS	BS-149.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff	Reaction	0	Common	Surprise: Play a Character from your Fighter Pool. (This card enters the field face-down in your Player Equip Zone. Once this card's Surprise requirements have been met, reveal and activate it.);If this card activates, the Character you played from your Fighter Pool costs up to 2 fewer TP.
Confound BS 153	BS	BS-150.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn Deflect	Reaction	3	Common	Deflect 1 Attack of Ultra Rank or lower unless the attacker discards 2 cards from their Hand.
Darkness Aura BS 154	BS	BS-151.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	2	Common	All Unblockable and True Damage target Character receives becomes Basic Damage until your next Starting Phase.
Deceiver's Gambit BS 155	BS	BS-152.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Defense	Reaction	2	Rare	Overdrive: Discard a card with the same Rank as the attacker's Attack. (You may pay this cost to trigger this card's Overdrive effect.);Block 1 Attack of Special Rank or lower. If this card's Overdrive was paid, Negate the attacker's Attack instead.
Dimensional Swerve BS 156	BS	BS-153.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	3	Common	Negate 1 Attack of Special Rank or lower.
Dismantle BS 157	BS	BS-154.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Surprise: An opponent Player plays or activates an Item. (This card enters the field face-down in your Player Equip Zone. Once this card's Surprise requirements have been met, reveal and activate it.);If this card activates, Negate and destroy target Item.
Explosive Punch BS 158	BS	BS-155.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Displacer Negate Block	Reaction	4	Rare	Block 1 Attack of Hyper Rank that targets the user of this card or Negate 1 Attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, send the attacker to their owner's Backup Zone if possible.
Flareskin BS 159	BS	BS-156.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Counter Burn	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Put 3 Damage Counters on the attacker for each hit in their current Attack.
Hard Counter BS 160	BS	BS-157.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Defense	Reaction	4	Uncommon	Overdrive: Send 2 cards from your Hand to your Discard Pile. (You may pay this cost to trigger this card's Overdrive effect.);Block 1 Physical Attack of Ultra Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If this card's Overdrive was paid and the attacker is a Character, Knock Out that Character.
Hornetstorm BS 161	BS	BS-158.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Counter Physical Attack	Reaction	3	Common	Counter-hit for 1 Basic Damage 4 times then if your target is a Character, put 5 Poison Counter(s) on them.
Hyper Armor BS 162	BS	BS-159.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Buff	Reaction	4	Common	Put 2 Barrier Counter(s) and 2 Shield Counter(s) on the user.
Insight Shine BS 163	BS	BS-160.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw Recovery	Reaction	2	Common	Surprise: Draw at least 4 cards in 1 turn. (This card enters the field face-down in your Player Equip Zone. Once this card's Surprise requirements have been met, reveal and activate it.);If this card activates, target Player or Character heals for 3 HP.
Ivy Snare BS 164	BS	BS-161.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Reaction	1	Common	Target opponent Player discards 2 cards from their Hand.
Life Aura BS 165	BS	BS-162.png	Space/Light	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Recovery Defense Negate	Reaction	8	Ultra Rare	Negate 1 card of Legendary Rank or lower. If successful, remove all Counters from the user. They lose all gained temporary keywords, abilities, and effects. Put 4 Shield Counter(s) and 4 Barrier Counter(s) on the user.
Momentum Cancel BS 166	BS	BS-163.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Negate	Reaction	3	Uncommon	Negate 1 Physical Attack of _Ultra Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, put 1 Paralyze Counter(s) on the attacker.
Multiversal Telefrag BS 167	BS	BS-164.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Debuff Counter Physical Attack	Reaction	5	Uncommon	Counter-hit for 10 True damage.;Put 1 Timebomb Counter(s) on your target.
Penultimate Stop BS 168	BS	BS-165.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Burn	Reaction	0	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);As an additional cost to play this card, send 4 cards from your Hand to your Discard Pile.;All Players' TP becomes 0.
Power Hijack BS 169	BS	BS-166.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Burn Resource Block	Reaction	5	Rare	Block 1 Attack of Devastation Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, you may move up to 3 Power Counter(s) from a card of your choice to another card of your choice.
Prismatic Blood BS 170	BS	BS-167.png	Light/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Counter	Reaction	4	Uncommon	Counter-hit for X True Damage, where X is equal to the number of Damage Counters on the user.
Purgatory Flames BS 171	BS	BS-168.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Burn Destruction	Reaction	10	Omega Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Negate and destroy all Items, Augments, Zones, Skills, Reactions and face-down cards all Players control.
Rainbow Field BS 172	BS	BS-169.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Defense	Reaction	6	Rare	Target Character gains Immune to Damage until your next Starting Phase.
Refract BS 173	BS	BS-170.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw	Reaction	1	Common	If you draw this card, you may play it from your Hand immediately.;Draw 4 cards, then put 2 cards from your Hand on the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Riposte BS 174	BS	BS-171.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Counter	Reaction	1	Common	Deflect 1 Physical Attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card.
Severe Strike BS 175	BS	BS-172.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Burn	Reaction	4	Uncommon	Surprise: You or an ally deals at least 10 total Damage with an Attack. (This card enters the field face-down in your Player Equip Zone. Once this card's Surprise requirements have been met, reveal and activate it.);If this card activates, put 5 Damage Counters on each target hit by that Attack.
Smog Screen BS 176	BS	BS-173.png	Dark/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Defense	Reaction	4	Common	Put your choice of 4 Poison Counter(s), 3 Blindness Counter(s), or 2 Drain Counter(s) on the attacker.
Stutter Step BS 177	BS	BS-174.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Defense	Reaction	4	Uncommon	Negate 1 Physical Attack that targets the user of this card then put 2 Drain Counter(s) on the user.
Summon Recall BS 178	BS	BS-175.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Reaction	1	Uncommon	Send target Character you control to your Fighter Pool.
Taunt BS 179	BS	BS-176.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Burn	Reaction	1	Uncommon	This card can only be played after the user has dealt Damage during the turn you activate it.;Target opponent Player loses 3 TP.
Temporal Freeze BS 180	BS	BS-177.png	Time/Water	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Chain Negate	Reaction	8	Ultra Rare	Negate all cards and abilities in the current Chain except this card and end the current turn.
Vorpal Warp BS 181	BS	BS-178.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Destruction	Reaction	4	Rare	This card can only be activated if the user and the attacker are Characters.;Send the user and the attacker to their owners' Rift Zones then if the user's Level is higher than the attacker's Level, send a number of cards from the top of your Deck to your Rift Zone equal to the difference.
Antimatter Breaker BS 182	BS	BS-179.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Energy Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit all opponents for PLV+X Basic Damage, where X is the number of Characters in your Rift Zone.
Aquaforge BS 183	BS	BS-180.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Search Draw	Skill	4	Uncommon	Look at the top 4 cards of your Deck. You may reveal a card with Equip from those cards and put it in your Hand, then put the rest of those cards on the top of your Deck in any order.
Aquatic Edge BS 184	BS	BS-181.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw Physical Attack	Skill	1	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage then draw 2 cards and put 2 cards from your Hand on the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Arcing Voltage BS 185	BS	BS-182.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Energy Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If the user is Storm-type, hit all reachable opponents instead.
Artificial Attack BS 186	BS	BS-183.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Physical Attack	Skill	0	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic damage.
Asp Strike BS 187	BS	BS-184.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage then if your target is a Character, put a number of Poison Counter(s) on them equal to the Damage dealt.
Battery Overload BS 188	BS	BS-185.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Energy Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target Player for PLV+X True Damage, where X is your target's TP.
Blood Edge BS 189	BS	BS-186.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+4 Basic Damage then if the user is Darkness-type, put 1 Curse Counter(s) on your target.
Bloody Slash BS 190	BS	BS-187.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff Physical Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If successful, the user gains Bloodlust 1 until your next Starting Phase.
Bonecracking Punch BS 191	BS	BS-188.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+4 Basic Damage then if your target is a Character, put a number of Fracture Counter(s) on them equal to the Damage dealt by this card.
Branching Strike BS 192	BS	BS-189.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Physical Attack	Skill	3	Common	Once per round, during your Preparation Phase, if this card is in your Discard Pile, you may attach it face-down to a Nature-type Character's that you control.;Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for PLV Basic Damage.
Catapult Kick BS 193	BS	BS-190.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Displacer Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If successful, send your target to their controller's Backup Zone then you may send another Character from their Backup Zone to their Character Zone.
Chronoboost BS 194	BS	BS-191.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Combo Attack	Skill	0	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for 3 Basic Damage then you may attach a Skill from your Hand to the user.
Continuum Blast BS 195	BS	BS-192.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Energy Attack	Skill	1	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage.;Paradox: Send this card to your Hand when it resolves. (If your Character Element Pool has this card's element(s), this card's Paradox is active.)
Cosmic Pull BS 196	BS	BS-193.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Search Resource Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Hit target opponent for PLV+3 Unblockable Damage. If the user is Space-type, you may search your Discard Pile for a non-Character Skill or Reaction and attach it to the user.
Cresting Wave Kick BS 197	BS	BS-194.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Physical Attack	Skill	5	Common	Hit all reachable opponents for PLVx2 True Damage unless another player pays 3 TP. If they do, this Attack deals PLV Basic Damage instead.
Dendrotoxic Spines BS 198	BS	BS-195.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Physical Attack	Skill	5	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+X Unblockable Damage, where X is the total number of Poison Counter(s) on all Characters on the field.
Double Magnum BS 199	BS	BS-196.png	Metal/Fire	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Projectile Attack	Skill	5	Common	Hit for 10 damage 2 times divided as you choose among one or two reachable opponents.
Drowning Tsunami BS 200	BS	BS-197.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	6	Rare	Hit all reachable opponents for 2xX Unblockable Damage, where X is equal to the total number of cards in all Players' Hands.
Dynamo Discharge BS 201	BS	BS-198.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for X Basic Damage, where X is equal to the number of Power Counter(s) on all cards on the field.
Exploit Weakness BS 202	BS	BS-199.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Combo Curse Physical Attack	Skill	6	Super Rare	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Hit target opponent for PLV+4 Basic Damage. If your target is a Character and has any Paralyze Counter(s), Drain Counter(s), Poison Counter(s), Fracture Counter(s), and/or Blindness Counter(s) on it, this Attack does True Damage instead and double the number of each of those counters on your target.
Fungal Spores BS 203	BS	BS-200.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff	Skill	3	Common	Put 2 Poison Counter(s) on all opponent Characters.
Galaxy Ray BS 204	BS	BS-201.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Energy Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Overdrive: Send the bottom 4 cards of your Deck to your Rift Zone. (You may pay this cost to trigger this card's Overdrive effect.);Hit target opponent for PLVx2 Basic Damage. If this card's Overdrive was paid, this Attack deals True Damage instead.
Gathering Charge BS 205	BS	BS-202.png	Light/Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Search Resource	Skill	2	Uncommon	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Search your Deck for up to 4 Energy Skill or Reaction cards and reveal them then shuffle your Deck and send those cards to the top of your Deck in any order.
Genesis Mode BS 206	BS	BS-203.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Buff	Skill	10	Omega Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);This card can only be used from your Hand.;This card can be used at any time there isn't a Chain.;The user enters The Last Stand, gains +10 PLV and Multistrike 4 until this turn's End Phase.
Grit of the Wild BS 207	BS	BS-204.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Skill	2	Uncommon	Each opponent Player discards a card from their Hand. If the user is Nature-type, each opponent Player reveals their Hand to you then you choose a card for each Player to discard instead.
Holy Brand BS 208	BS	BS-205.png	Light/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Skill	2	Common	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Target Character heals for 5 HP then put 2 Drain Counter(s) on that Character.
Infernal Blast BS 209	BS	BS-206.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Energy Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+5 Basic Damage then if the user is Fire-type, you may attach a Fire-type Skill or Reaction from your Hand to the user of this card.
Ion Discharge BS 210	BS	BS-207.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	5	Rare	Put X Power Counter(s) on the user, where X is the user's TP, then hit all reachable opponents for Y Basic Damage, where Y is the number of Power Counter(s) on the user.
Ironblood Screech BS 211	BS	BS-208.png	Dark/Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Hit all reachable opponents for PLV+4 Unblockable Damage. Each target hit successfully gains Timid 10 until your next turn's Starting Phase.
Kelvin Shock BS 212	BS	BS-209.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Debuff	Skill	2	Uncommon	Put 1 Paralyze Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character. If the user is Water-type, put 1 Paralyze Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character.
Light Barrier BS 213	BS	BS-210.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Buff	Skill	3	Common	The user heals for 5 HP then put 1 Barrier Counter(s) and 1 Shield Counter(s) on them.
Mach 10 BS 214	BS	BS-211.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Combo Physical Attack	Skill	2	Super Rare	Replay: 2 TP. (You may pay this cost to activate this card again before it's destroyed.);When this card is used, you may put any number of Damage Counters on the user.;Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+X Basic Damage, where X is the number of Damage Counters put on the user by this card.
Mimic Attack BS 215	BS	BS-212.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Combo	Skill	0	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);You may search all Discard Piles for a non-Character Skill card and activate it by paying its cost. If you do, it becomes Null-type instead of its original Elements.
Mud Spike BS 216	BS	BS-213.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction Physical Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for 8 Basic Damage then if the user is Earth-type, destroy up to 2 cards in your target's Equip Zone.
Photosynthesis Shot BS 217	BS	BS-214.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery Energy Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+4 Basic Damage then if the user is Light-type, target Player or Character heals for 5 HP.
Puncture Shot BS 218	BS	BS-215.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	4	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+5 Basic Damage. If successful, your target gains Concussion until next turn's Starting Phase.
Regrowth BS 219	BS	BS-216.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery Search	Skill	2	Common	The user heals for 4 HP.;Search your Discard Pile for a non-Character card. Send that card to the bottom of your Deck.
Rising Dragon Fist BS 220	BS	BS-217.png	Storm/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Physical Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	You may reveal any number of Fire-type or Storm-type cards from your Hand then hit target reachable opponent for X+4 Unblockable Damage, where X is the number of cards revealed this way.
Sands of Time BS 221	BS	BS-218.png	Time/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for 9 Unblockable Damage.;Paradox: Gain 3 TP. (If your Character Element Pool has this card's element(s), this card's Paradox is active.)
Sigil of Drought BS 222	BS	BS-219.png	Water/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target opponent Player for PLV Basic Damage. If successful, your target can't draw more than 2 cards until your next Starting Phase.
Spacial Relocation BS 223	BS	BS-220.png	Space/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Search Draw	Skill	3	Uncommon	Look at the top 4 cards of your Deck then send 1 of those cards to your Hand and the rest of those cards to the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Temporal Fracture BS 224	BS	BS-221.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery Attack	Skill	0	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage then if the user is Time-type, gain 1 TP.
Thundersmite BS 225	BS	BS-222.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Energy Attack	Skill	3	Common	Lock-On (This card ignores the targeting rules of Combat Zone Order.);Hit target opponent for PLV+2 True Damage.
Titanite Sledge BS 226	BS	BS-223.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+4 Basic Damage. If the user is Metal-type, this deals Unblockable Damage instead.
UV Blast BS 227	BS	BS-224.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Curse Energy Attack	Skill	1	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+1 Basic Damage. If successful, put 2 Blindness Counter(s) on your target.
Variable Charge BS 228	BS	BS-225.png	Nature/Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Chance Resource	Skill	5	Common	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Roll a d20, then do the following based on the result:; - 1-2: Put 1 Power Counter(s) on target card.; - 3-9: Put 3 Power Counter(s) on target card.; - 10-18: Put 6 Power Counter(s) on target card.; - 19-20: Put X Power Counter(s) on target card, where X is the result.
Void Axe BS 229	BS	BS-226.png	Space/Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Combo Physical Attack	Skill	3	Rare	Send up to 5 cards from the top of your Deck to your Rift Zone, then hit target reachable opponent for PLV+3xX Basic Damage, where X is the number of cards sent to your Rift Zone this way.
Weapon Drive BS 230	BS	BS-227.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Physical Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage a number of times equal to the number of Equipment cards in the user's Equip Zone.
Wish of Death BS 231	BS	BS-228.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Reveal the top card of your Deck then hit target reachable opponent for True Damage equal to the revealed card's TP.
Back Alley BS 232	BS	BS-229.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Debuff	Zone		Uncommon	If a Player plays a Darkness-type Character from their Fighter Pool, they may put 1 Blindness Counter(s) and 1 Fracture Counter(s) on target reachable opponent Character.
Clock Tower BS 233	BS	BS-230.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Enhancement	Zone		Uncommon	All Time-type cards cost 1 fewer TP.
Coliseum of Heroes BS 234	BS	BS-231.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Recovery	Zone		Common	If a Player plays a Light-type Character from their Fighter Pool, that Player heals for 2 HP.
Death Zone BS 235	BS	BS-232.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Curse	Zone		Rare	If a Player plays a Character from their Fighter Pool, put 1 Timebomb Counter(s) on that Character.
Deep Sea Fissure BS 236	BS	BS-233.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Draw	Zone		Common	If a Player plays a Water-type Character from their Fighter Pool, that Player draws a card.
Eldritch Portal BS 237	BS	BS-234.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Rift Curse	Zone		Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);All non-Character cards have Void.
Hellrealm Dimension BS 238	BS	BS-235.png	Dark/Fire	N/A	N/A	Curse Modifier	Zone		Common	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);All Characters have Infused with Darkness-type, Fire-type.;If a Player is in The Last Stand, that Player has +4 PLV.
Imminent Meteor BS 239	BS	BS-236.png	Space/Earth	N/A	N/A	Destruction	Zone		Rare	Once per turn, during that Player's End Phase, put 1 Power Counter(s) on this card. If this card has 25 or more Power Counter(s), destroy all Characters, Skills, Reactions, Items, Augments, and Zones.
Maelstrom Force BS 240	BS	BS-237.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Enhancement	Zone		Common	All Storm-type Characters have Flash.
Moebius Wormhole BS 241	BS	BS-238.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Recovery	Zone		Rare	If a Player or Character uses a non-Character Space-type card, they may send 1 target non-Character Space-type card with a different name from their Discard Pile to the bottom of their Deck.
Mountaintop Plateau BS 242	BS	BS-239.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Buff	Zone		Common	All Earth-type Characters have +4 HP.
Pit of Flames BS 243	BS	BS-240.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Enhancement	Zone		Common	All Fire-type Characters deal 2 more damage per hit with Attacks.
Power Assembly BS 244	BS	BS-241.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Resource	Zone		Rare	All Characters have "Remove 1 Power Counter(s): This card gains +1 PLV until this turn's End Phase."
Pull Reversal BS 245	BS	BS-242.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Draw Curse	Zone		Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);All Players must play with their Decks flipped face-up.
Redwood Maze BS 246	BS	BS-243.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Burn	Zone		Uncommon	If a Player plays a Nature-type Character from their Fighter Pool, they choose target Player to send a card from the top of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
Steel Cage BS 247	BS	BS-244.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Enhancement	Zone		Common	All Metal-type Characters deal True Damage instead of Unblockable Damage.
Technopolis Skate Park BS 248	BS	BS-245.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Curse	Zone		Common	At the end of each Player's turn, that Player puts 3 Fracture Counter(s) divided as they choose among one, two, or three Characters they control.
Treatment Facility BS 249	BS	BS-246.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Recovery	Zone		Common	Once per turn, during each Player's Starting Phase, each Character that Player controls heals for 1 HP.
Weapon Factory BS 250	BS	BS-247.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Equipment Enhancement	Zone		Common	All cards with Arm Up are Armed Up.
Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord BS 130	BS	BS-248.png	Dark/Fire	65	6	Overlord Celestial Demon	Legend		Omega Rare	Mastery of Darkness-type, Fire-type (This card's Damage with Attacks that have at least 1 of the listed elements is doubled.);[2+ Players];Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord heals from Darkness-type or Fire-type Attacks instead of taking Damage.;[3+ Players];Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord's Normal Rank Attacks are Darkness-type and Fire-type in addition to their other effects.;[4+ Players];If Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord attacks with a Normal Rank Attack, each target Character hit successfuly by that Attack gains Concussion until their next turn's End Phase.
Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim BS 131	BS	BS-249.png	Light/Nature	50	5	Overlord Musician	Legend		Omega Rare	Once per round, during Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim's Starting Phase, heal them for 5 HP.;[2+ Players];If Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim hits a Character successfully with a Normal Rank Attack, they gain control of that Character until their next Starting Phase.;[3+ Players];Lock-On (This card can directly attack opponents regardless of Combat Zone Order.);Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim deals True damage instead of Basic or Unblockable Damage with all Attacks.;[4+ Players];If Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim hits a Character successfully with a Normal Rank Attack, heal them and their target for 5 HP.
Xavior Leo, Existence Purger BS 132	BS	BS-250.png	Null	80	6	Overlord Machine Fighter	Legend		Omega Rare	Immune to Blindness Counter(s), Poison Counter(s), Drain Counter(s), Paralyze Counter(s), Timid (This card cannot be targeted or affected by the listed card types, abilities, or effects.);Infused with Null-type (This card and all Attacks it performs become the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.);[2+ Players];Xavior Leo, Existence Purger has +X PLV, where X is equal to the number of Players.;[3+ Players];Once per turn, during that Player's Starting Phase, send the top card of their Deck to their Rift Zone.;[4+ Players];All cards not owned by Xavior Leo, Existence Purger have Void.