Name	Set	ImageFile	Element	Hitpoints	Powerlevel	Subtypes	Supertypes	Cost	Rarity	Description
Abyssal Orb BS 001	BS	BS-001.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Super Rare	Mythical, Void (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Mastery of Null-type. (This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.)
Almadine Ring BS 002	BS	BS-002.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Fire-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Amazonite Ring BS 003	BS	BS-003.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Storm-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Ammonite Ring BS 004	BS	BS-004.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Time-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Aura Vision BS 005	BS	BS-005.png	Light/Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	2	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Immune to Blindness and Drain. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Axinite Ring BS 006	BS	BS-006.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Earth-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Back Alley BS 007	BS	BS-007.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Debuff	Augment	2	Uncommon	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever a Darkness-type Character enters under equipped target's control, it gains their choice of either Blindness 2 or Fracture 1.
Blade of Kings BS 008	BS	BS-008.png	Light/Metal	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Equipment	Augment	6	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 2 Power Counters on it. If equipped target Attacks, remove 1 Power Counter from this card. If this card has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;Equipped target gets +X PLV, where X is its base PLV.
Breaker Blade BS 009	BS	BS-009.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Equipment	Augment	4	Uncommon	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 2 Power Counters on it. If it has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Destroy target Item or Augment. This ability can only be activated once per turn.
Bulk Upgrade BS 010	BS	BS-010.png	Nature/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target gets +3 PLV.
Call of the Void BS 011	BS	BS-011.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chance Resource Rift Burn	Augment	4	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever one or more cards are destroyed, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Imprison the top card of target Player's Deck.
Citrine Ring BS 012	BS	BS-012.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Light-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Clock Tower BS 013	BS	BS-013.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	2	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Time-type cards you play cost 1 TP less to play.
Coliseum of Heroes BS 014	BS	BS-014.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever a Light-type Character enters, equipped target and each other Character they control heal for 1 HP.
Commander's Whistle BS 015	BS	BS-015.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);When this card enters, take control of equipped target until this card leaves.
Counter Generator BS 016	BS	BS-016.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 3 Power Counters on it. If this card has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Put 1 Power Counter on another target card you control except for cards named Counter Generator. This ability can only be used once per round.
Crashlanders BS 017	BS	BS-017.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	5	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target gets +2 HP and has Immune to Fracture and Paralyze. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Cybernetic Implants BS 018	BS	BS-018.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	5	Uncommon	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Immune to Drain, Fracture, and Poison. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Darkness Essence BS 019	BS	BS-019.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Darkness-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Death Zone BS 020	BS	BS-020.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Curse Debuff	Augment	5	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever a Character enters under equipped target's control, it gains Timebomb 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Timebomb Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your End Phase, put 1 of these Counters on this target. Then, if it has 5 or more of these Counters, they're Knocked Out.")
Deep Sea Fissure BS 021	BS	BS-021.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Draw	Augment	4	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever a Water-type Character enters under equipped target's control, they draw a card.
Doombringer BS 022	BS	BS-022.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Super Rare	Mythical, Equip Character (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target Attacks, defending Player imprisons the top card of their Deck.
Dragonfire Scale BS 023	BS	BS-023.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment Energy Attack	Augment	5	Rare	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target becomes targeted by an Attack, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove all Power Counters: Equipped target Hits target reachable opponent for Unblockable Damage equal to the number of Power Counters removed this way. Exhaust this card. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Dreadforge Mindlink BS 024	BS	BS-024.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	5	Rare	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Arm Up 2 (This target is Armed Up as long as 2 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);All face-up cards except cards named Dreadforge Mindlink attached to equipped target count towards this card's Arm Up.;0 TP: Target Character or Player Heals for 2hp!. Exhaust this card. Activate this ability only while equipped target is Armed Up. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead. This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.)
Earth Essence BS 025	BS	BS-025.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Earth-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Eldritch Portal BS 026	BS	BS-026.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Curse	Augment	5	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);NonCharacter cards have Void. (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.)
Electron Barrier BS 027	BS	BS-027.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Modifier	Augment	4	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target can't be targeted by nonAttack cards or abilities your opponents control unless they pay 1 TP.
Energy Generator BS 028	BS	BS-028.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Augment	4	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Charge 1. (At the beginning of your Starting Phase, gain 1 TP.)
Fire Essence BS 029	BS	BS-029.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Fire-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Gift of Darkness BS 030	BS	BS-030.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Darkness-type Attacks.
Gift of Evergreen BS 031	BS	BS-031.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Nature-type Attacks.
Gift of Light BS 032	BS	BS-032.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Light-type Attacks.
Gift of Steel BS 033	BS	BS-033.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Metal-type Attacks.
Gift of the Ages BS 034	BS	BS-034.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Time-type Attacks.
Gift of the Flame BS 035	BS	BS-035.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Fire-type Attacks.
Gift of the Mineral BS 036	BS	BS-036.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Earth-type Attacks.
Gift of the Nebula BS 037	BS	BS-037.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Space-type Attacks.
Gift of the Ocean BS 038	BS	BS-038.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Water-type Attacks.
Gift of the Zephyr BS 039	BS	BS-039.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Storm-type Attacks.
Glass Cannon BS 040	BS	BS-040.png	Dark/Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Equipment	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target gets +4 PLV.;Whenever equipped target deals Damage, destroy this card.
Hellrealm Dimension BS 041	BS	BS-041.png	Dark/Fire	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Curse Modifier	Augment	6	Common	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Characters equipped target controls have Infused with Darkness-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.);Whenever equipped target is in The Last Stand, they get +4 PLV.
Hematite Ring BS 042	BS	BS-042.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Metal-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Imminent Meteor BS 043	BS	BS-043.png	Space/Earth	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Destruction	Augment	6	Rare	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);At the beginning of equipped target's End Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card for each Character and Augment on the field. Then, if this card has 25 or more Power Counters on it, destroy all Characters and Augments.
Ironskin BS 044	BS	BS-044.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	4	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);At the beginning of your Starting Phase, equipped target gains Shield 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Shield Counters are defined as "Whenever this target becomes targeted by an Attack, you may remove 1 of these Counters from it to Block that Attack.")
Junk Cycler BS 045	BS	BS-045.png	Earth/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Equipment	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Discard a card: Draw a card. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.)
Karate Gi BS 046	BS	BS-046.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	4	Common	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Multistrike 1. (This target's Normal Rank Attacks hit up to 1 extra targets.)
Light Essence BS 047	BS	BS-047.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Light-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Loaded Dice BS 048	BS	BS-048.png	Space/Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chance Modifier	Augment	4	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever an ability activated or triggered by equipped target performs a coin flip or dice roll, they may attempt that coin flip or dice roll again, keeping either result. This ability can only be used once per round.
Maelstrom Force BS 049	BS	BS-049.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	4	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Storm-type Characters equipped target controls have Flash. (This target can Attack and activate its abilities the turn it enters.)
Malachite Ring BS 050	BS	BS-050.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Nature-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Medic's Touch BS 051	BS	BS-051.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target may target their allies with Normal Rank Attacks. If they do, that Attack Heals equal to equipped target's PLV instead. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Melanite Ring BS 052	BS	BS-052.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Darkness-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Metal Essence BS 053	BS	BS-053.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Metal-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Moebius Wormhole BS 054	BS	BS-054.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Augment	4	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target plays a Space-type card, they may send 1 nonCharacter Space-type card with a different name from their Discard Pile to the top of their Deck.
Molecular Hyperdrive BS 055	BS	BS-055.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Curse Enhancement	Augment	6	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target Attacks, gain 1 TP.
Morale Boost BS 056	BS	BS-056.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target can store an extra 2 TP.
Mountaintop Plateau BS 057	BS	BS-057.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Earth-type Characters equipped target controls get +2 HP.
Nature Essence BS 058	BS	BS-058.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Nature-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Negate Draw BS 059	BS	BS-059.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse	Augment	4	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target draws one or more cards, Negate that draw unless they pay 2 TP.
Overclock BS 060	BS	BS-060.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	3	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Put 2 Damage Counters on equipped target: Put 1 Power Counter on this card. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.);Remove X Power Counters: Gain 1 TP for every 2 Power Counters removed this way.
Overpower BS 061	BS	BS-061.png	Time/Nature	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Enhancement	Augment	5	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);At the beginning of your End Phase, equipped target gains Aura 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Aura Counters are defined as "This target gets +1 PLV for each of these Counters.")
Pallasite Ring BS 062	BS	BS-062.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Space-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Personal Compactor BS 063	BS	BS-063.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse	Augment	1	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target gets -2 HP.
Pit of Flames BS 064	BS	BS-064.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	1	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Fire-type Characters equipped target controls deal 1 more Damage with each Hit of any Attack.
Power Assembly BS 065	BS	BS-065.png	Storm/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Augment	3	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Characters equipped target controls have "Remove 1 Power Counter: This card gets +1 PLV until end of turn."
Pull Reversal BS 066	BS	BS-066.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Draw	Augment	4	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target must play with their Deck and Fighter Pool flipped upside-down and revealed until this card leaves.
Redwood Maze BS 067	BS	BS-067.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Augment	3	Uncommon	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever a Nature-type Character enters under equipped target's control, they choose another target Player. That player destroys the top card of their Deck.
Reflective Shield BS 068	BS	BS-068.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);2 TP: Deflect 1 Attack of Hyper Rank or lower that targets equipped target. This ability can only be used once per round.
Serpent's Tongue BS 069	BS	BS-069.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Modifier	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player or Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Whenever equipped target deals Damage, each target dealt Damage this way gains Poison 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Poison Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Damage Counter on this target for each of these Counters on it. Then, remove 1 of these Counters from it.")
Sodalite Ring BS 070	BS	BS-070.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse Equipment	Augment	3	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Equipped target has Infused with Water-type. (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.)
Solar Panel BS 071	BS	BS-071.png	Light/Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Resource	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 10 Power Counters. At the beginning of your End Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove all Power Counters: Equipped target gains 1 TP for each Power Counter removed this way. Then, destroy this card.
Space Essence BS 072	BS	BS-072.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Space-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Sparring Gloves BS 073	BS	BS-073.png	Nature/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Draw Enhancement Equipment	Augment	4	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 3 Power Counters on it. If it has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;The attached target gets +2 PLV. Whenever they Attack, their controller may remove 1 Power Counter from this card to draw a card.
Steel Cage BS 074	BS	BS-074.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Enhancement	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);If a Metal-type Character would deal Unblockable Damage, it deals True Damage instead.
Storm Essence BS 075	BS	BS-075.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Storm-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Superpower Aura BS 076	BS	BS-076.png	Light/Nature	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Enhancement	Augment	8	Ultra Rare	Mythical, Equip Character (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);During your End Phase, if the user has no Aura Counters, the attached target gains Aura 1. Otherwise, double the number of Aura Counters on it. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Aura Counters are defined as "This target gets +1 PLV for each of these Counters.")
Technophobia BS 077	BS	BS-077.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Enhancement	Augment	4	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);The attached target has Immune to Equipment. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.);Whenever the attached target Attacks one or more targets, if any of their targets have at least 1 Equipment attached to them, that Attack's Damage is doubled to those targets.
Technopolis Skate Park BS 078	BS	BS-078.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Curse	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);During each Player's End Phase, that Player targets one Character they control to gain Fracture 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Fracture Counters are defined as "Whenever this target Attacks, put 1 Damage Counter on it for each of these Counters on it.")
Time Essence BS 079	BS	BS-079.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Time-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Tower Shield BS 080	BS	BS-080.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Equipment	Augment	5	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 1 Power Counter on it. If it has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;The equipped Character is treated as though they have extra Shield Counters equal to the number of Power Counters on this card.;Whenever the equipped Character would remove Shield, you may remove Power Counters from this card instead.
Treatment Facility BS 081	BS	BS-081.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Augment	3	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);During each Player's Starting Phase, each Character that Player controls Heals for 1. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Void Gauntlet BS 082	BS	BS-082.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Equipment	Augment	6	Rare	Void, Equip Character (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead. Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card enters with 1 Power Counter on it. If it has no Power Counters on it, destroy it.;Whenever the attached target Attacks, remove 1 Power Counter from this card.;The attached target gets +1 PLV for each card in your Rift Zone.
Water Essence BS 083	BS	BS-083.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Recovery	Augment	2	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);This card can hold a maximum of 1 Power Counter. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Equipped target gains 1 TP. Spend TP gained this way only to play or activate abilities of Water-type cards. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn.
Weapon Factory BS 084	BS	BS-084.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Equipment Enhancement	Augment	6	Uncommon	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target when it enters.);Cards equipped target controls with Arm Up are Armed Up.
Alex Leo BS 085	BS	BS-085.png	Fire	10	2	Fighter	Character	3	Uncommon	Mastery of Fire-type (This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.);Put 2 Damage Counters on this card: Destroy target nonCharacter card. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.)
Animus Spirit Hakkon BS 086	BS	BS-086.png	Nature	8	2	Undead	Character	3	Rare	Whenever this card Attacks, it and targets dealt Damage this way gain Poison 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Poison Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Damage Counter on this target for each of these Counters on it. Then, remove 1 of these Counters from it.");If this card would be dealt Damage from Poison, this card Heals equal to that Damage instead.
Arrogant Gangster BS 087	BS	BS-087.png	Dark	6	1	Brute	Character	1	Common	this card gets +2 PLV as long as you have more HP than one or more opponents.
Aura Zephyr BS 088	BS	BS-088.png	Time/Storm	7	2	Knight	Character	2	Uncommon	Multistrike 1 (This target's Normal Rank Attacks hit up to 1 extra targets.);Physical Skills and Reactions attached to this card cost 1 TP less to play.
Baron Ludevic BS 089	BS	BS-089.png	Metal	13	1	Machine	Character	3	Uncommon	Provoke (Opponents' Attacks must target cards or Players with this keyword first if able.);At the beginning of your Starting Phase, this card Heals equal to the number of cards with Equip attached to it. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Captain Meteor BS 090	BS	BS-090.png	Space	6	1	Cosmonaut Soldier	Character	2	Common	Whenever you draw a card, this card gets +1 PLV until end of turn.
Cort Destro BS 091	BS	BS-091.png	Metal/Fire	11	3	Machine Soldier	Character	5	Super Rare	Lock-On (This target can reach all other targets.);Reinforce 3- This card has Mastery of Fire-type. (This target's Reinforce ability is active as long as 3 or more Characters are in your Backup Zone. This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.);This card's Normal Rank Attacks are Fire-type.
Cosmic Scribe BS 092	BS	BS-092.png	Space/Water	5	2	Magician	Character	2	Uncommon	This card enters with 2 Power Counters on it.;This card can hold a maximum of 2 Power Counters.;Remove 1 Power Counter: Draw the top or bottom card of your Deck. This ability can only be used once per turn.
Crusader Golem BS 093	BS	BS-093.png	Light/Earth	2	1	Golem	Character	1	Common	Your Fighter Pool can have any number of cards named Crusader Golem.;Other Golems you control get +1 HP and +1 PLV.
Dragonward Warrior BS 094	BS	BS-094.png	Metal/Earth	16	3	Knight	Character	4	Rare	If this card would be dealt Unblockable or True Damage by an Attack, that Attack deals Basic Damage instead.
Dreadforge Armorer BS 095	BS	BS-095.png	Metal/Water	12	3	Machine	Character	3	Uncommon	Arm Up 3 (This target is Armed Up as long as 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);At the beginning of your Starting Phase, if this card is Armed Up, it gains your choice of either Shield 1 or Barrier 1.
Dreadforge Assassin BS 096	BS	BS-096.png	Dark/Metal	8	4	Machine	Character	2	Rare	Arm Up 3 (This target is Armed Up as long as 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);Whenever this card deals Damage from an Attack, if it's Armed Up, each target dealt Damage this way gains Concussion until end of turn. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Dreadforge Conduit BS 097	BS	BS-097.png	Metal/Storm	9	2	Machine Elemental	Character	5	Rare	Arm Up 3 (This target is Armed Up as long as 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);Whenever this card deals Damage with an Attack, if it's Armed Up, gain 1 TP for each target dealt Damage this way.
Dreadforge Predator BS 098	BS	BS-098.png	Metal/Nature	8	4	Machine Fighter	Character	3	Common	Arm Up 3 (This target is Armed Up as long as 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);This card has Lock-On as long as it's is Armed Up. (This target can reach all other targets.)
Dreadforge Subjugator BS 099	BS	BS-099.png	Light/Metal	8	5	Machine Brute	Character	4	Common	Arm Up 3 (This target is Armed Up as long as 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to it.);When this card becomes Armed Up, Mute target opponent Character until this card loses Armed Up. (This target's abilities do nothing and can't be activated or triggered.)
Dust Elemental BS 100	BS	BS-100.png	Earth	6	1	Elemental	Character	1	Common	Whenever this card is dealt Damage by an Attack, that Attacker gains Fracture 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Fracture Counters are defined as "Whenever this target Attacks, put 1 Damage Counter on it for each of these Counters on it.");Whenever this card deals Damage with an Attack, each target dealt Damage this way gains Fracture 1.
Escalus Kirby BS 101	BS	BS-101.png	Space/Storm	10	4	Magician	Character	5	Rare	3 TP: Roll 1d20:; - 4+: This card gains +2 PLV until end of turn.; - 8+: Put up to 2 Power Counters on target card.; - 16+: Draw a card.; - 20+: Roll again.;This ability can only be used once per round.
Forgemaster BS 102	BS	BS-102.png	Metal/Earth	16	3	Knight Brute	Character	6	Ultra Rare	Stacker 3 (When this card enters, you may put 3 cards from your Hand underneath it.);Unstack 1: Search your Deck for an Augment or Item card, reveal it, then put that card in your Hand and shuffle. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.)
Fury Elemental BS 103	BS	BS-103.png	Fire	8	0	Elemental	Character	2	Common	Flash (This target can Attack and activate its abilities the turn it enters.);When this card enters, it gains Aura 2. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Aura Counters are defined as "This target gets +1 PLV for each of these Counters.");At the beginning of your End Phase, if this card dealt no Damage this turn, destroy it.
Genesis Rage, Warrior of Eons BS 104	BS	BS-104.png	Space/Time	40	7	Overlord Celestial	Character	10	Ultra Rare	Mythical, Wildcard, Boss 3 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 3 Character cards from your Discard Pile. This target is every nonNull element.);Immune to nonDamage Counters (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.);Whenever you play a card, if it has 1 or more of this card's elements, gain 1 TP.
Immortal Dead BS 105	BS	BS-105.png	Time/Dark	7	3	Undead	Character	2	Uncommon	You may play this card from your Discard Pile. If you do, lose 5 HP.
Jam Blob BS 106	BS	BS-106.png	Light	3	1	Slime	Character	1	Common	When this card enters, another target gains Barrier 2. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Barrier Counters are defined as "Whenever this target becomes targeted by an nonAttack ability, you may remove 1 of these Counters from it to Negate that ability.")
Jungle Dryad BS 107	BS	BS-107.png	Nature	15	1	Plant Fey	Character	3	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Other Characters you control get +X HP, where X is the number of Power Counters on that Character.;2 TP: Put 1 Power Counter on another target Character. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.)
Kreigendyne BS 108	BS	BS-108.png	Metal/Storm	9	2	Machine	Character	3	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Charge X, where X is equal to the number of Power Counters on this card (At the beginning of your Starting Phase, gain X TP.);This card can hold a maximum of 3 Power Counters. At the beginning of your End Phase, put 1 Power Counter on this card.
Kronus, Avatar of Eternity BS 109	BS	BS-109.png	Time	12	3	Avatar	Character	4	Rare	Immune to Destroy, Curse, and Timebomb (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.);At the beginning of your End Phase, gain 1 TP.
Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord BS 110	BS	BS-110.png	Dark/Fire	20	6	Overlord Celestial Demon	Character	7	Ultra Rare	Mythical, Boss 2 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 2 Character cards from your Discard Pile.);Mastery of Darkness-typeFire-type (This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.);If this card would be dealt Damage from a Darkness-type or Fire-type Attack, it Heals equal to that Damage instead. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.);Whenever this card deals Damage with a Normal Rank Attack, each target dealt Damage by that Attack gains Concussion until your next Starting Phase. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Lars Draigo BS 111	BS	BS-111.png	Dark	7	3	Brute	Character	2	Common	2 TP: Target opponent Character gains Deathmark until end of turn. Activate this ability only once during your turn. (Whenever an ally of equal or higher TP value is destroyed, this target is Knocked Out.)
Lilly Poh BS 112	BS	BS-112.png	Light/Nature	8	2	Fey Fighter	Character	2	Uncommon	This card's deals 2 more Damage with each Hit of Energy Attacks.
Lunar Mylus BS 113	BS	BS-113.png	Space/Dark	12	4	Demon	Character	4	Rare	Imprison the top card of your Deck: Put 1 Power Counter on this card. Exhaust this card. (This target can't Attack or activate its abilities. At the beginning of your Starting Phase, it loses this keyword.);This card deal X more Damage with each Hit of Attacks that deal Basic Damage, where X is the number of Power Counters on it. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Marko Sears BS 114	BS	BS-114.png	Fire	6	2	Fighter	Character	3	Uncommon	Whenever this card deals Damage with an Attack, it gets +1 PLV until end of turn.
Mars the Purifier BS 115	BS	BS-115.png	Light	17	4	Knight	Character	4	Rare	Knights you control have Mastery of Light-type. (This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.);4 TP: Knights you control have Immune to Darkness-type Attacks until end of turn. This ability can only be activated once per round. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Match Gunther BS 116	BS	BS-116.png	Dark/Storm	4	4	Machine Soldier	Character	3	Uncommon	Lock-On (This target can reach all other targets.);2 TP: Target Character gains Deathmark until end of turn. Activate this ability only once per round. (Whenever an ally of equal or higher TP value is destroyed, this target is Knocked Out.)
Nebula Slime BS 117	BS	BS-117.png	Space	5	1	Slime	Character	1	Common	If this card leaves, target Player imprisons the top 3 cards of their Deck.
Phantom Guardian BS 118	BS	BS-118.png	Light/Dark	8	2	Undead Knight	Character	2	Uncommon	When this card enters, it gains Barrier 2 then target reachable Character gains Curse 1.
Riley Aero BS 119	BS	BS-119.png	Light	14	3	Fey Trickster	Character	3	Uncommon	1 TP: Attach a Skill or Reaction card from your Discard Pile to this card face-down. Activate this ability only once per round.
Rundo Rondo BS 120	BS	BS-120.png	Storm/Earth	10	4	Brute	Character	3	Uncommon	Whenever this card deals Damage with a Normal Rank Attack, each target dealt Damage this way gains Paralyze 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Paralyze Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, remove 1 of these Counters from it. It cannot Attack or activate its abilities until your next Starting Phase.")
Scorchwillow Dryad BS 121	BS	BS-121.png	Nature/Fire	8	1	Plant Fey	Character	2	Uncommon	Whenever a Character you control is Healed, this card Hits target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target.)
Seawitch Atholla BS 122	BS	BS-122.png	Water	6	2	Seacreature	Character	2	Rare	2 TP, Discard a card: Draw a card.
Shawn Mylus BS 123	BS	BS-123.png	Space/Light	18	3	Elemental Avatar	Character	4	Rare	If this card would deal Basic Damage with an Attack, that Attack deals Unblockable Damage instead. (This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Shinesteel Sentinel BS 124	BS	BS-124.png	Light/Metal	12	2	Machine	Character	3	Common	Whenever this card is dealt Damage, it gains Barrier 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Barrier Counters are defined as "Whenever this target becomes targeted by an nonAttack ability, you may remove 1 of these Counters from it to Negate that ability.")
Space Kraken BS 125	BS	BS-125.png	Space/Water	15	4	Seacreature Abomination	Character	4	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control.);Skills and Reactions can't be played unless their controller pays 1 TP.
Stellar Vagrant BS 126	BS	BS-126.png	Space/Earth	8	1	Cosmonaut Trickster	Character	2	Uncommon	At the beginning of your Draw Phase, imprison the top card of target Player's Deck.
Thunderous Hermit BS 127	BS	BS-127.png	Storm	7	3	Elemental Fighter	Character	2	Common	Backup- At the beginning of your Starting Phase, you may put 1 Power Counter on any target. (This target's Backup ability is active as long as it's in a Backup Zone.)
Voltage Elemental BS 128	BS	BS-128.png	Storm	5	1	Elemental	Character	1	Uncommon	Flash (This target can Attack and activate its abilities the turn it enters.)
Voodoo Flytrap BS 129	BS	BS-129.png	Dark/Nature	9	3	Undead Plant	Character	4	Super Rare	Whenever a Player or Character is dealt Damage from Poison, you may have that target gain Drain 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Drain Counters are defined as "This target gets -1 PLV for each of these Counters on it.")
Adrenaline Shot BS 130	BS	BS-130.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Buff	Item	4	Common	Target Character gets +2 PLV and has Multistrike 1 until end of turn. (This target's Normal Rank Attacks hit up to 1 extra targets.)
Amnesia Grenade BS 131	BS	BS-131.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Item	2	Common	Destroy a card attached to target Player or Character.
Angelic Smite BS 132	BS	BS-132.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction	Item	4	Common	Destroy target Character.
Antitoxin BS 133	BS	BS-133.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Item	2	Common	Remove all Poison and Drain Counters from target Player or Character.
Box of Bandages BS 134	BS	BS-134.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery	Item	0	Common	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Target Player or Character Heals for 3!hp. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Continue Token BS 135	BS	BS-135.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery	Item	3	Ultra Rare	Return target nonBoss Character from your Discard Pile to your choice of either your Character Zone or your Backup Zone.
Continuum Potion BS 136	BS	BS-136.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Recovery	Item	0	Rare	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Imprison up to 2 cards from the top of your Deck. Gain 1 TP for each card imprisoned this way.
Death Sickle BS 137	BS	BS-137.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse	Item	4	Uncommon	Each Character target opponent controls gains Curse 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Curse Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, you may pay 1 TP for each of these Counters on this target. If you don't, destroy this target.")
Dreadforge Arsenal BS 138	BS	BS-138.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Search Draw Buff	Item	4	Uncommon	Search your Deck for a card with Equip and play it without paying TP, then shuffle.
Ejector Seat BS 139	BS	BS-139.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Displacer	Item	2	Uncommon	Send target Character to their owner's Fighter Pool. All nonCharacter cards underneath it and attached to it are returned to their owners' Hands and all Character cards underneath it and attached to it are sent to their owners' Fighter Pools.
Energy Candy BS 140	BS	BS-140.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Item	0	Common	Gain X TP, where X is the number of cards named Energy Candy in your Discard Pile.
Energy Coin BS 141	BS	BS-141.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Chance Recovery	Item	0	Common	Flip 3 coins. For each Heads, gain 1 TP.
Gemstone Crusher BS 142	BS	BS-142.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Projectile Attack	Item	5	Rare	Hit target opponent Character for 6 Basic Damage. They gain Fracture X, where X is equal to the Damage dealt this way. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Fracture Counters are defined as "Whenever this target Attacks, put 1 Damage Counter on it for each of these Counters on it.")
Invincibility Stone BS 143	BS	BS-143.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Defense	Item	8	Ultra Rare	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Target Character or Player gains Immune to Keywords, Counters, Damage, Heal, and Abilities until your next Starting Phase. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Jackpot of Calamity BS 144	BS	BS-144.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Chance	Item	X	Omega Rare	Roll Xd20:; - 1-20: Put 1 nonDamage Counter of your choice on target Character.; - 21-60: Put up to 5 nonDamage Counters of your choice divided among any number of target Characters.; - 61-120: Put up to 10 nonDamage Counters of your choice divided among any number of target Characters.; - 121+: Put up to 20 nonDamage Counters of your choice divided among any number of targets.
Medical Supply Kit BS 145	BS	BS-145.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Recovery	Item	5	Uncommon	Remove all nonDamage nonPower Counters from target Player or Character and that target Heals for 6!hp. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Mind Eraser BS 146	BS	BS-146.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Item	2	Common	Imprison a nonCharacter card.
MIRV Grenade BS 147	BS	BS-147.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Projectile Attack	Item	4	Super Rare	Replay- 1 TP (You may pay this cost to activate this target again before it resolves.);Hit up to X+1 target reachable opponents for X+2 Basic Damage, where X is the number of times this card's Replay was paid. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Paper Shredder BS 148	BS	BS-148.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Item	1	Common	Target Player destroys the top 2 cards of their Deck.
Pocket Reality BS 149	BS	BS-149.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Defense	Item	5	Uncommon	Target Character gains Immune to Damage and Heal until your next Starting Phase. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Power Cable BS 150	BS	BS-150.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Item	3	Uncommon	Put 1 Power Counter on each card you control.
Power Potion BS 151	BS	BS-151.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Item	0	Uncommon	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Gain 1 TP.
Recovery Wrap BS 152	BS	BS-152.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery	Item	1	Uncommon	Send target Character from your Discard Pile to your Fighter Pool.
Script of Balance BS 153	BS	BS-153.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Draw	Item	5	Super Rare	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Choose one:; - Your TP becomes equal to target Player's TP.; - Draw or discard cards until you have as many cards in your Hand as target Player.
Singularity Grenade BS 154	BS	BS-154.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Destruction	Item	8	Ultra Rare	Knock Out all Characters in each Character Zone.
Sonic Grenade BS 155	BS	BS-155.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Projectile Attack	Item	4	Uncommon	Hit target opponent Character for 4 Basic Damage. They gain Mute until your next Starting Phase. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated. This target's abilities do nothing and can't be activated or triggered.)
Stun Grenade BS 156	BS	BS-156.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Item	2	Common	Target Player loses 4 TP.
Summon Staff BS 157	BS	BS-157.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource	Item	2	Rare	Play 1 Character from your Fighter Pool without paying TP. You lose HP equal to their TP.
Tactical Visor BS 158	BS	BS-158.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Resource	Item	2	Rare	You may have opponent Players reveal their Hands and their face-down cards to you until end of turn.
Tears of Life BS 159	BS	BS-159.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Recovery	Item	6	Rare	Remove all Counters from target Character. That Character loses all gained Keywords and Abilities.
Temporal Battery BS 160	BS	BS-160.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Recovery	Item	0	Rare	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);Gain 1 TP.;You may discard up to 4 cards. If you do, gain 1 TP for every 2 cards discarded this way.
Token Fire BS 161	BS	BS-161.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chance Projectile Attack	Item	1	Super Rare	Replay- 1 TP (You may pay this cost to activate this target again before it resolves.);Flip X+1 coins, where X is the number of times this card's Replay was paid. For each Heads, Hit target reachable opponent for 1 Basic damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Treasure Chest BS 162	BS	BS-162.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw	Item	1	Uncommon	Draw a card.
Trigger Button BS 163	BS	BS-163.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Resource	Item	5	Ultra Rare	Activate an activated ability from an Item or Augment without paying its costs and resolve it as though you or a Character you control activated that ability.
Vampiric Dart BS 164	BS	BS-164.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery Projectile Attack	Item	2	Uncommon	Hit target opponent for 4 True Damage. You or target Character you control Heals equal to the Damage dealt. (This Damage can't be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Variable Sword BS 165	BS	BS-165.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chance Equipment Attack	Item	3	Super Rare	Roll 1d20:; - 1+: Hit target opponent for 2 Basic Damage. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.); - 8+: Hit target opponent for 6 Unblockable Damage. (This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.); - 15+: Hit target opponent for 10 True Damage. (This Damage can't be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Worldcleaver BS 166	BS	BS-166.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Destruction	Item	6	Super Rare	Destroy all Augments.
Beam Struggle BS 167	BS	BS-167.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Chain Energy Attack	Reaction Skill	4	Super Rare	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+X Unblockable Damage, where X is the total TP value of cards in the current Chain. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Gamma Storm BS 168	BS	BS-168.png	Space/Storm	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Rift Debuff	Reaction Skill	8	Super Rare	Overdrive- Imprison the top 4 cards of your Deck. (You may pay this cost to activate this target's Overdrive ability before it resolves.);Each opponent Character gains Poison 5 and Fracture 5.;Overdrive: Each opponent Character gains Concussion until your next Starting Phase. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Power Veil BS 169	BS	BS-169.png	Time/Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Reaction Skill	0	Rare	Gain 1 TP. Lose any unspent TP gained this way during the next End Phase.
Rapid Degradation BS 170	BS	BS-170.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Debuff	Reaction Skill	6	Rare	Choose a Supertype. Cards of the chosen Supertype gain Mute until your next Starting Phase. (This target's abilities do nothing and can't be activated or triggered.)
War Cry BS 171	BS	BS-171.png	Dark/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Chain Buff	Reaction Skill	2	Uncommon	The user gains +2+X PLV until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in the current Chain.
Amplify BS 172	BS	BS-172.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff	Reaction	3	Common	If this card was drawn during your turn, reveal it, then you may play it without paying TP.;Target ally's Attacks Hit 1 extra time until your next Starting Phase.
Astral Destiny BS 173	BS	BS-173.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Rift Debuff	Reaction	2	Common	If this card was drawn during your turn, reveal it, then you may play it without paying TP.;Target Character gains Void until your next Starting Phase. (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.)
Black Ice Shell BS 174	BS	BS-174.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Defense	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Reduce target Attack's Damage with each Hit by the user's PLV.
Boiling Ice Armor BS 175	BS	BS-175.png	Water/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	3	Rare	Paradox- Until end of turn, if the user would receive Unblockable Damage or True Damage, that Damage becomes Basic Damage instead. (This target's Paradox ability is active as long as you control Characters that have at least 1 of each of this target's elements. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.);Block target Special Rank or lower Physical Attack.
Compress BS 176	BS	BS-176.png	Metal/Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff	Reaction	1	Uncommon	Surprise- Play a Character from your Fighter Pool. (This card enters face-down attached to you. Whenever its Surprise is met, you may play it.);The Character played from your Fighter Pool this way costs 2 TP less to play.
Confound BS 177	BS	BS-177.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn Deflect	Reaction	3	Common	Deflect 1 Ultra Rank or lower Attack unless its controller discards 2 cards. (Redirect that ability to one or more relevant targets as though you control it.)
Darkness Aura BS 178	BS	BS-178.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	2	Common	Until your next Starting Phase, if target Character or Player receives Unblockable Damage or True Damage, that Damage becomes Basic Damage. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Deceiver's Gambit BS 179	BS	BS-179.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Defense	Reaction	2	Rare	Overdrive- Discard a card with the same Rank as target Skill or Reaction. (You may pay this cost to activate this target's Overdrive ability before it resolves.);Block target Special Rank or lower Attack. If this card's Overdrive was paid, Negate that Skill or Reaction instead.
Dimensional Swerve BS 180	BS	BS-180.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Defense	Reaction	3	Common	Negate target Special Rank or lower Attack. (That ability does nothing and fizzles.)
Dismantle BS 181	BS	BS-181.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Destruction	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Surprise- An opponent Player plays an Item. (This card enters face-down attached to you. Whenever its Surprise is met, you may play it.);Negate target Item. (That ability does nothing and fizzles.)
Explosive Punch BS 182	BS	BS-182.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Displacer Negate Block	Reaction	4	Rare	Block target Hyper Rank Attack. Negate that Attack if it's Special Rank or lower and targets the user of this card.;If the Attacker is a Character, send that Character to its controller's Backup Zone.
Flareskin BS 183	BS	BS-183.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Counter Attack	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Hit target Attacker for PLV True Damage a number of times equal to the number of Attacks played this turn.
Hard Counter BS 184	BS	BS-184.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Defense	Reaction	5	Uncommon	Overdrive- Discard 2 cards. (You may pay this cost to activate this target's Overdrive ability before it resolves.);Block target Ultra Rank or lower Physical Attack that targets the user. If this card's Overdrive was paid, the Attacker is Knocked Out.
Hornetstorm BS 185	BS	BS-185.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Counter Physical Attack	Reaction	3	Common	Hit target Attacker for 1 Basic Damage 4 times. Targets dealt Damage this way gain Poison 2 for each Hit that dealt Damage to them. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Poison Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Damage Counter on this target for each of these Counters on it. Then, remove 1 of these Counters from it.")
Hyper Armor BS 186	BS	BS-186.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Buff	Reaction	3	Common	The user gains your choice of Shield 2 or Barrier 2.
Insight Shine BS 187	BS	BS-187.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw Recovery	Reaction	2	Common	Surprise- A Player draws 4 or more cards during a round. (This card enters face-down attached to you. Whenever its Surprise is met, you may play it.);Target Player or Character Heals for 5!hp. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.);Draw 2 cards.
Ivy Snare BS 188	BS	BS-188.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Reaction	1	Common	Target opponent Player reveals their Hand to you. Then, you choose a card from their Hand. That Player discards the chosen card.
Momentum Cancel BS 189	BS	BS-189.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Negate	Reaction	3	Uncommon	Negate target _Ultra Rank or lower Physical Attack that targets the user of this card. That Attacker gains Paralyze 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Paralyze Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, remove 1 of these Counters from it. It cannot Attack or activate its abilities until your next Starting Phase.")
Multiversal Telefrag BS 190	BS	BS-190.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Debuff Counter Physical Attack	Reaction	5	Uncommon	Hit target Attacker for 5 True Damage. That Attacker gains Timebomb 2. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Timebomb Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your End Phase, put 1 of these Counters on this target. Then, if it has 5 or more of these Counters, they're Knocked Out.")
Penultimate Reset BS 191	BS	BS-191.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Burn	Reaction	5	Rare	Void (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.);All Players put their Hands on top of their Decks, then shuffle and draw 6 cards.;Each Player's TP becomes 0.
Power Hijack BS 192	BS	BS-192.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Burn Resource Negate	Reaction	5	Rare	Negate target Hyper Rankhyper_ or lower Attack that targets the user of this card.;Remove up to 10 Power Counters divided among any number of targets.
Prismatic Blood BS 193	BS	BS-193.png	Light/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Counter	Reaction	4	Uncommon	This card can only be used by Characters.;Hit target Attacker for X True Damage, where X is equal to the number of Damage Counters on the user.
Purgatory Flames BS 194	BS	BS-194.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Burn Destruction	Reaction	10	Ultra Rare	Destroy all Augments and face-down cards you don't control.
Rainbow Field BS 195	BS	BS-195.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Defense	Reaction	6	Rare	Target Player or Character gains Immune to Damage until your next Starting Phase. (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.)
Refract BS 196	BS	BS-196.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw	Reaction	1	Common	If this card was drawn during your turn, reveal it, then you may play it without paying TP.;Draw 2 cards, then send 1 card from your Hand to the bottom of your Deck.
Riposte BS 197	BS	BS-197.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Deflect	Reaction	1	Common	Deflect target Special Rank or lower Physical Attack that targets the user. (Redirect that ability to one or more relevant targets as though you control it.)
Severe Strike BS 198	BS	BS-198.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Burn	Reaction	2	Uncommon	Surprise- A target deals at least 10 total Damage with an Attack. (This card enters face-down attached to you. Whenever its Surprise is met, you may play it.);Put 4 Damage Counters on each target dealt Damage by that Attack.
Smog Screen BS 199	BS	BS-199.png	Dark/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Counter	Reaction	4	Common	Target Attacker gains your choice of either Poison 3, Paralyze 2, or Fracture 1.
Starlight Aura BS 200	BS	BS-200.png	Space/Light	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Recovery Defense Negate	Reaction	8	Ultra Rare	Negate target Legendary Rank or lower nonCharacter card, then remove all Counters from the user. The user loses all gained Keywords and Abilities and gains Shield 4 and Barrier 4.
Stutter Step BS 201	BS	BS-201.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Defense	Reaction	3	Uncommon	Negate target Physical Attack that targets the user. If you do, the user gains Drain 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Drain Counters are defined as "This target gets -1 PLV for each of these Counters on it.")
Summon Recall BS 202	BS	BS-202.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Reaction	1	Uncommon	Send target Character you control to its owner's Fighter Pool.
Taunt BS 203	BS	BS-203.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Burn	Reaction	0	Uncommon	This card can only be played if the user has dealt Damage this turn.;Target opponent Player loses 2 TP.
Temporal Freeze BS 204	BS	BS-204.png	Time/Water	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Chain Negate	Reaction	8	Ultra Rare	Negate all cards and abilities in the current Chain except this card.;End the turn.
Vorpal Warp BS 205	BS	BS-205.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Destruction	Reaction	3	Rare	This card can only be activated if the user and target Attacker are Characters.;Imprison both the user and that Attacker. If the user's TP value is lower than the Attacker's TP value, imprison cards from the top of your Deck equal to the difference.
Antimatter Breaker BS 206	BS	BS-206.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Energy Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit each opponent for PLV+2*X True Damage, where X is the number of Characters in your Rift Zone. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Aquaforge BS 207	BS	BS-207.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Search Draw	Skill	2	Uncommon	Look at the top 4 cards of your Deck. You may reveal an Item or Augment from those cards and put it in your Hand, then send the rest to the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Aquatic Edge BS 208	BS	BS-208.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Draw Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If Damage was dealt this way, draw 2 cards then send 1 card from your Hand to the top of your Deck. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Arcing Voltage BS 209	BS	BS-209.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Energy Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If the user is Storm-type, Hit each reachable opponent instead. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Artificial Attack BS 210	BS	BS-210.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Physical Attack	Skill	0	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. Lose any unspent TP gained this way at end of turn. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Asp Strike BS 211	BS	BS-211.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. They gain Poison X, where X is equal to the Damage dealt. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Poison Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Damage Counter on this target for each of these Counters on it. Then, remove 1 of these Counters from it.")
Banish Trap BS 212	BS	BS-212.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Debuff Trap	Skill	6	Rare	Contingency- The user is Space-type and you have 1 or more cards in your Rift Zone. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Target opponent Character gains Void until your next Starting Phase. If this card's Contingency was met, Hit your target for X True Damage, where X is the number of cards in your Rift Zone. (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead. This Damage can't be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Battery Overload BS 213	BS	BS-213.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Energy Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target Player for PLV+X True Damage, where X is that target's TP.
Blood Edge BS 214	BS	BS-214.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. If the user is Darkness-type and that target is a Character, that target gains Curse 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Curse Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, you may pay 1 TP for each of these Counters on this target. If you don't, destroy this target.")
Bloody Slash BS 215	BS	BS-215.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Buff Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	The user gains Bloodlust 1 until your next Starting Phase. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Bloodlust Counters are defined as "Whenever this target deals Damage, it heals for 1 HP for each of these Counters on it.");Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Bonecracking Punch BS 216	BS	BS-216.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. They gain Fracture X, where X is equal to the Damage dealt. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Fracture Counters are defined as "Whenever this target Attacks, put 1 Damage Counter on it for each of these Counters on it.")
Branching Strike BS 217	BS	BS-217.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Resource Physical Attack	Skill	3	Common	At the beginning of your Preparation Phase, if this card is in your Discard Pile, you may attach it face-down to target Character you control.;Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for PLV Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Catapult Kick BS 218	BS	BS-218.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Displacer Physical Attack	Skill	2	Common	Hit target reachable opponent Character for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If Damage was dealt this way, send that target to its controller's Backup Zone. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Chronoboost BS 219	BS	BS-219.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Combo Attack	Skill	0	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for 1 Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.);If the user is a Character, you may reveal a Skill from your Hand or Discard Pile except for cards named Chronoboost and attach it to the user face-down.
Continuum Blast BS 220	BS	BS-220.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Energy Attack	Skill	1	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.);Paradox- Send this card to its owner's Hand when it resolves. (This target's Paradox ability is active as long as you control Characters that have at least 1 of each of this target's elements.)
Cosmic Pull BS 221	BS	BS-221.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Search Resource Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target opponent for PLV+3 Unblockable Damage. Then, tf the user is Space-type, you may search your Discard Pile for a Skill or Reaction and attach it face-down to another target Character you control.
Cresting Wave Kick BS 222	BS	BS-222.png	Light/Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Physical Attack	Skill	4	Common	Hit each reachable opponent for 2* PLV Basic Damage unless another player pays 3 TP. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Dendrotoxic Spines BS 223	BS	BS-223.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Physical Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+X Unblockable Damage, where X is the total number of Poison Counters on all Players and cards. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Double Magnum BS 224	BS	BS-224.png	Metal/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Projectile Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent Character for 10 Basic Damage or two target reachable opponent Characters for 5 Basic Damage.
Drowning Tsunami BS 225	BS	BS-225.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	7	Super Rare	Hit all reachable opponents for 2*X Unblockable Damage, where X is equal to the total number of cards in all Players' Hands. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Dynamo Discharge BS 226	BS	BS-226.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	5	Super Rare	Hit up to 2 target reachable opponents for X Basic Damage, where X is equal to the number of Power Counters on all Players and cards. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Energy Blast BS 227	BS	BS-227.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Energy Attack	Skill	1	Common	Hit target opponent Character for PLV Basic Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Exploit Weakness BS 228	BS	BS-228.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Combo Curse Physical Attack	Skill	5	Super Rare	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. Then, if that target has any Blindness, Drain, Fracture, Paralyze, or Poison Counters, double the number of each of those Counters on them. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Explosive Trap BS 229	BS	BS-229.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Trap Debuff	Skill	3	Rare	Contingency- The user is Fire-type and an opponent dealt Damage with a Normal Rank Attack. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Target reachable opponent Character gains Blindness 2. If this card's Contingency was met, that target gains Concussion. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Frost Trap BS 230	BS	BS-230.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Draw Burn Debuff Trap	Skill	3	Rare	Contingency- The user is Water-type and another Player has drawn 3 or more cards during this round. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Target reachable opponent Character gains Paralyze 2. If this card's Contingency was met, target Player shuffles their Hand into their Deck. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Paralyze Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, remove 1 of these Counters from it. It cannot Attack or activate its abilities until your next Starting Phase.")
Fungal Spores BS 231	BS	BS-231.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff	Skill	3	Common	Each opponent Character gains Poison 2. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Poison Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, put 1 Damage Counter on this target for each of these Counters on it. Then, remove 1 of these Counters from it.")
Galaxy Ray BS 232	BS	BS-232.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Rift Energy Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Overdrive- Imprison the top 4 cards of your Deck. (You may pay this cost to activate this target's Overdrive ability before it resolves.);Hit target opponent for PLVx2 Basic Damage. If this card's Overdrive was paid, this Attack deals True Damage instead.
Gathering Power BS 233	BS	BS-233.png	Space/Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Search Resource	Skill	4	Rare	Search your Deck for up to 4 Energy cards, reveal them, then shuffle and put those cards on top of your Deck in any order.
Genesis Mode BS 234	BS	BS-234.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank Buff	Skill	10	Ultra Rare	This card can only be used by Players.;You enter The Last Stand, gets +5 PLV, and their Attacks Hit 1 extra time until your next Starting Phase.
Grit of the Wild BS 235	BS	BS-235.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Burn	Skill	2	Uncommon	Each opponent Player discards a card from their Hand. If the user is Nature-type, each opponent Player reveals their Hand to you instead. Then, you choose a card from each opponent Player's Hand. That Player discards that chosen card.
Holy Brand BS 236	BS	BS-236.png	Light/Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery	Skill	2	Common	Target Player or Character Heals for 5!hp and gains Drain 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Drain Counters are defined as "This target gets -1 PLV for each of these Counters on it.")
Infernal Blast BS 237	BS	BS-237.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Energy Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. Then, if the user is a Fire-type Character, you may reveal a Fire-type Skill or Reaction from your Hand or Discard Pile except for cards named Infernal Blast and attach it face-down to them.
Ion Discharge BS 238	BS	BS-238.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Resource Energy Attack	Skill	0	Rare	Put X Power Counters on the user, where X is equal to your TP.;Hit all reachable opponents for Unblockable Damage equal to the number of Power Counters on the user. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.);Your TP becomes 0.
Ironblood Screech BS 239	BS	BS-239.png	Dark/Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Curse Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Hit all reachable opponents for PLV+4 Unblockable Damage. They gain Paralyze 1. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Paralyze Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, remove 1 of these Counters from it. It cannot Attack or activate its abilities until your next Starting Phase.")
Kelvin Shock BS 240	BS	BS-240.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Combo Debuff	Skill	2	Uncommon	Target reachable opponent Character gains Paralyze 1. If the user is Water-type, that target gains Paralyze 2 instead. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Paralyze Counters are defined as "At the beginning of your Starting Phase, remove 1 of these Counters from it. It cannot Attack or activate its abilities until your next Starting Phase.")
Light Barrier BS 241	BS	BS-241.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Buff	Skill	3	Common	The user Heals for 5!hp and gains Shield 1 and Barrier 1.
Mach 10 BS 242	BS	BS-242.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank Combo Physical Attack	Skill	2	Super Rare	This card can only be used by Characters.;Replay- 2 TP (You may pay this cost to activate this target again before it resolves.);When this card is activated, you may put any number of Damage Counters on the user.;Hit target reachable opponent for X Basic Damage, where X is the number of Damage Counters on the user.
Mimic Attack BS 243	BS	BS-243.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Combo	Skill	0	Rare	Search all Discard Piles and Rift Zones for a Skill and activate it as though it was attached to you or a Character you control by paying its TP cost. If you do, it's Null-type instead.
Mud Spike BS 244	BS	BS-244.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Physical Attack	Skill	3	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for 8 Basic Damage. If the user is Earth-type, destroy a card attached to that target.
Mud Trap BS 245	BS	BS-245.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Debuff Trap	Skill	3	Rare	Contingency- The user is Earth-type and another Player controls a Character with TP value 5 or higher. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met. Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target.);Target reachable opponent Character gains Fracture 4. If this card's Contingency was met, that target gains Curse 2.
Penance Trap BS 246	BS	BS-246.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Trap Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Contingency- The user is Light-type and you controlled a Character that was Knocked Out this turn. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for X Basic Damage, where X is equal to their PLV. If this card's Contingency was met, another target Heals equal to the Damage dealt. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated. Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.)
Photosynthesis Shot BS 247	BS	BS-247.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery Energy Attack	Skill	2	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If the user is Light-type, target Player or Character Heals for 2!hp.
Puncture Shot BS 248	BS	BS-248.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Physical Attack	Skill	4	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+5 Basic Damage. Then, if Damage was dealt this way, they gain Concussion until end of turn. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Regrowth BS 249	BS	BS-249.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Recovery Search	Skill	1	Common	Search your Discard Pile for a nonCharacter card, reveal it, then put that card on top of your Deck.
Rising Dragon Fist BS 250	BS	BS-250.png	Storm/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Physical Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	As an additional cost to play this card, reveal any number of Fire-type or Storm-type cards from your Hand.;Hit target reachable opponent for 2+3*X Unblockable Damage, where X is the number of cards revealed this way. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Sands of Time BS 251	BS	BS-251.png	Time/Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Recovery Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for 4 Unblockable Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.);Paradox- Gain 3 TP. (This target's Paradox ability is active as long as you control Characters that have at least 1 of each of this target's elements.)
Sawblade Trap BS 252	BS	BS-252.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Counter Trap Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Contingency- The user is Metal-type and an opponent Attacks. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for X Unblockable Damage, where X is that Character's PLV. If this card's Contingency was met, this Attack deals double Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked or Deflected, but can be Negated.)
Shock Trap BS 253	BS	BS-253.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Trap Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Contingency- The user is Storm-type and another Player controls cards with a total of 5 or more Power Counters on them. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, remove up to 10 Power Counters divided as you choose among any number of cards opponents control. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Sigil of Drought BS 254	BS	BS-254.png	Water/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target opponent for PLV Basic Damage. Players dealt Damage this way can't draw more than 1 card each turn until your next Starting Phase. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Spacial Relocation BS 255	BS	BS-255.png	Space/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Search Draw	Skill	3	Uncommon	Look at the top 4 cards of your Deck. Put 1 of those cards in your Hand then send the rest of those cards to the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Spikepit Trap BS 256	BS	BS-256.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Destruction Trap Attack	Skill	4	Rare	Contingency- The user is Darkness-type and an opponent is using a Reaction. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Hit target reachable opponent Character for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, that target is Knocked Out instead. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Stasis Trap BS 257	BS	BS-257.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Burn Recovery Trap	Skill	2	Rare	Contingency- The user is Time-type and another Player has more TP than you. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Target opponent Player loses 2 TP. If this card's Contingency was met, each opponent Player loses 2 TP instead. Gain TP equal to the TP lost this way.
Temporal Fracture BS 258	BS	BS-258.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Recovery Attack	Skill	0	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for 1 Basic Damage. If the user is Time-type, gain 1 TP. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Thundersmite BS 259	BS	BS-259.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Energy Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target opponent for PLV True Damage. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can't be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Titanite Sledge BS 260	BS	BS-260.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank Physical Attack	Skill	3	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2 Basic Damage. If the user is Metal-type, this Attack deals Unblockable Damage instead.
Treeroot Trap BS 261	BS	BS-261.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Debuff Burn Trap Attack	Skill	3	Rare	Contingency- The user is Nature-type and other Players have a total of 15 or fewer cards in their Discard Piles. (You may play this card as though it's a Reaction if its Contingency is met.);Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+3 Basic Damage. If this card's Contingency was met, target opponent Player destroys the top 3 cards of their Deck. (This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
UV Blast BS 262	BS	BS-262.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Normal Rank Curse Energy Attack	Skill	1	Common	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage. Targets dealt Damage this way gain Blindness 2. (Put that many of these Counters on your targets. Blindness Counters are defined as "Whenever this target Attacks, flip a coin. If Tails, that Attack does nothing. At the beginning of your End Phase, remove 1 on these Counters from this target.")
Variable Charge BS 263	BS	BS-263.png	Nature/Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Chance Resource	Skill	5	Super Rare	Roll 1d20:; - 1-3: Put 1 Power Counter on target card.; - 4-10: Put 3 Power Counters on target card.; - 11-15: Put 6 Power Counters on target card.; - 16+: Put X Power Counters on target card, where X is the result.
Void Axe BS 264	BS	BS-264.png	Space/Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank Rift Combo Physical Attack	Skill	6	Rare	Imprison up to 5 cards from the top of your Deck, then Hit target reachable opponent for PLV+2*X Basic Damage, where X is the number of cards in your Rift Zone.
Weapon Drive BS 265	BS	BS-265.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Combo Equipment Physical Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Hit target reachable opponent for PLV Basic Damage a number of times equal to the number of cards with Equip attached to the user. (Deal the listed value as Damage to each relevant target. This Damage can be Blocked, Deflected, or Negated.)
Wish of Demise BS 266	BS	BS-266.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank Attack	Skill	4	Uncommon	Reveal the top card of your Deck, then Hit target reachable opponent for True Damage equal to the revealed card's TP. If that card is Space-type, send that card to your Hand.
Genesis Rage, Warrior of Eons BS 267	BS	BS-267.png	Space/Time	40	7	Overlord Celestial	Character	10	Omega Rare	Mythical, Wildcard, Boss 3 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 3 Character cards from your Discard Pile. This target is every nonNull element.);Immune to nonDamage Counters (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.);Whenever you play a card, if it has 1 or more of this card's elements, gain 1 TP.
Kyle Rage, Demonic Overlord BS 268	BS	BS-268.png	Dark/Fire	20	6	Overlord Celestial Demon	Character	7	Omega Rare	Mythical, Boss 2 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 2 Character cards from your Discard Pile.);Mastery of Darkness-typeFire-type (This target's Attacks deals double Damage as long as those Attacks have at least 1 of the listed elements.);If this card would be dealt Damage from a Darkness-type or Fire-type Attack, it Heals equal to that Damage instead. (Remove that many Damage Counters from each relevant target. If that target is a Player, they gain that much HP instead.);Whenever this card deals Damage with a Normal Rank Attack, each target dealt Damage by that Attack gains Concussion until your next Starting Phase. (Whenever this target is dealt Damage, it's Knocked Out.)
Lyle Rage, Original Legend BS 269	BS	BS-269.png	Space/Time	30	6	Overlord Celestial Avatar	Character	9	Omega Rare	Mythical, Boss 3 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 3 Character cards from your Discard Pile.);Charge X, where X is the number of cards you control with Power Counters on them (At the beginning of your Starting Phase, gain X TP.);You can store an extra X TP, where X is equal to the number of cards you control with Power Counters on them.
Ranulf Starigan, Talthrim Hero BS 270	BS	BS-270.png	Light/Nature	20	3	Overlord Musician	Character	8	Omega Rare	Mythical, Boss 3 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 3 Character cards from your Discard Pile.);Lock-On, Multistrike 2 (This target can reach all other targets. This target's Normal Rank Attacks hit up to 2 extra targets.);Whenever an activated or triggered ability you control performs a coin flip or dice roll, you may attempt that coin flip or dice roll again, keeping either result.
Xavior Leo, Existence Purger BS 271	BS	BS-271.png	Null	35	7	Overlord Machine Fighter	Character	9	Omega Rare	Mythical, Boss 3 (Only 1 copy of this card can exist under your control. As an additional cost to play this card, imprison 3 Character cards from your Discard Pile.);Immune to nonDamage Counters (This target cannot be targeted by the listed card types, keywords, Counters, or effects.);Infused with Null-type (This target and all of its Attacks are the listed elements instead.);Other cards have Void. (If this target would be destroyed, imprison it instead.)
