Name	Set	ImageFile	Element	Hit Points	Powerlevel	Level/Rank	Typecasting	Cost	Rarity	Description
Blessing of Seasons LNL 1	LNL	LNL-001.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	2TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: This card can hold up to 5 :power:. The user has +X !plv!, where X is the amount of :power: on this card.;Once per round, during your End Phase, put 1 :power: On this card.
Chastising Aura LNL 2	LNL	LNL-002.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	6TP	Uncommon	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Taking Damage: This damage is divided by 2, rounded up.
Clarify LNL 3	LNL	LNL-003.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	6TP	Common	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, you may discard a card. If you do, all enemy Players discard a card.
Dark Sovereignty LNL 4	LNL	LNL-004.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, during your Starting Phase, put 1 :drain: on all enemy Characters.;While In Play: The user has Drain Immune. Additionally, the user has +X !plv!, where X is the amount of :drain: on all Characters.
Dreadforge Mindlink LNL 5	LNL	LNL-005.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Rare	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Arm Up 2 (If 2 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);Cards attached to the user count towards this card's Arm Up.;While Armed Up: Once per round, you may target 1 card that has !hp!. Your target heals for 2 !hp!.
Exploding Arrival LNL 6	LNL	LNL-006.png	Time/Dark	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Uncommon	Arena (Play this card in your Arena Zone. You can only have 1 card in your Arena Zone at a time.);If a Player plays a Character from their Fighter Pool, put 5 Damage Counters and 1 :timebomb: On that Character.
Furnace Fists LNL 7	LNL	LNL-007.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Successful Attack: You may destroy 1 Item or Augment attached to 1 of this attack's targets.
Gradual Power Surge LNL 8	LNL	LNL-008.png	Time/Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: This card can hold an unlimited amount of :power:. If a card is sent to your Discard Pile from anywhere, put a :power: on this card.;Revome all :power:: You gain 1 TP for each :power: removed this way, then send this card to your Discard Pile.
Morale Call LNL 9	LNL	LNL-009.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	2TP	Common	Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +2 Maximum !tp!.
Nature's Wrath LNL 10	LNL	LNL-010.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	7TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: This card can hold up to 3 :power:.;Once per round, you may discard a card from your Hand. If you do, put 1 :power: on this card.;On Attack: You may remove 3 :power: to multiply this attack's damage by 2 per hit.
Powerlevel Spike LNL 11	LNL	LNL-011.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Aura 3 (For every multiple of 3 Damage Counters this card has, it has +1 PLV.);When Equipped: Put 6 Damage Counters on the user.
Tactical Brilliance LNL 12	LNL	LNL-012.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	6TP	Uncommon	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, you may reveal a Skill, Reaction, Item, or Augment attached to the user and swap it with a card from your Hand that matches 1 of its Supertypes except for cards named Tactical Brilliance.
Technophobia LNL 13	LNL	LNL-013.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	6TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Item Immune (This card cannot be targeted or affected by cards or abilities with the listed effects.);On Attack: This attack's damage is multiplied by 2 per hit to each target that has any Items attached to them.
Arrogant Thug LNL 14	LNL	LNL-014.png	Dark	15	2	Level 4 Thug	Character	1CS	Common	While In Play: If you have more !hp! than an enemy Player, this card has +2 !plv!.
Dreadforge Armorer LNL 15	LNL	LNL-015.png	Metal/Water	30	3	Level 12 Mecha	Character	5CS	Uncommon	Water Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While Armed Up: Once per round, put 2 :barrier: on target ally Character.
Dreadforge Assassin LNL 16	LNL	LNL-016.png	Dark/Metal	25	6	Level 13 Assassin	Character	3CS	Rare	Darkness Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);On Successful Attack: If the user is Armed Up, each target of this attack that received damage gains Concussion until this turn's End Phase.
Dreadforge Conduit LNL 17	LNL	LNL-017.png	Metal/Storm	20	4	Level 12 Cyborg	Character	3CS	Uncommon	Storm Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);On Attack: If this card is Armed Up, if this attack has more than 1 target, you gain 1 !tp! for each target of this attack.
Dreadforge Crusher LNL 18	LNL	LNL-018.png	Metal/Earth	30	4	Level 11 Brute	Character	5CS	Rare	Earth Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While Armed Up: This card has +6 !plv! and +6 !hp!.
Dreadforge Predator LNL 19	LNL	LNL-019.png	Metal/Nature	15	4	Level 12 Assassin	Character	3CS	Rare	Nature Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While Armed Up: This card has Lock-On.
Dreadforge Subjugator LNL 20	LNL	LNL-020.png	Light/Metal	25	6	Level 15 Brute	Character	6CS	Rare	Light Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);On Armed Up: Target 1 enemy Character. Mute your target until this card is no longer Armed Up.
Fury Elemental LNL 21	LNL	LNL-021.png	Fire	20	5	Level 6 Elemental	Character	4CS	Common	Flash (This card can act the turn it enters the field.);Aura 3 (For every multiple of 3 Damage Counters this card has, it has +1 PLV.);During your End Phase, if this card didn't perform a successful attack, send this card to your Backup Zone.
Gravel Gnawer LNL 22	LNL	LNL-022.png	Earth	30	4	Level 10 Golem	Character	5CS	Common	Earth Mastery (This card's damage with attacks that have at least 1 of the listed elements is multiplied by 2.);This card deals Unblockable damage with all attacks.
Intrepid Archaeologist LNL 23	LNL	LNL-023.png	Time/Earth	20	2	Level 8 Cadet	Character	3CS	Common	On Enter Field: You may send any cards with Arena from the Field to their owner's Discard Piles. If you do, you gain 2 !tp! for each card with Arena sent this way.
Jungle Dryad LNL 24	LNL	LNL-024.png	Nature	19	3	Level 6 Plant	Character	2CS	Uncommon	While In Play: This card can hold up to 5 :power:. This card has +X !hp!, where X is the number of :power: on this card.;Once per round, during your Starting Phase, you may put 1 :power: on this card.
Lunarian Orbitron LNL 25	LNL	LNL-025.png	Space/Metal	30	6	Level 10 Mecha	Character	5CS	Common	Stacker 3 (On Enter Field: Put 3 card(s) from your hand in this card's Stack. If you can't, you can't play this card.);On Attacked: Once per round, you may remove 1 card from this card's Stack. If you do, Prevent this attack.
Master of the Forge LNL 26	LNL	LNL-026.png	Metal	35	9	Level 12 Brute	Character	6CS	Common	"Unlike the rest of you punks, I don't need a gimmick."
Soul's Eye Monk LNL 27	LNL	LNL-027.png	Light/Nature	32	1	Level 12 Fighter	Character	6CS	Super Rare	Aura 1 (For every multiple of 1 Damage Counters this card has, it has +1 PLV.);While In Play: This card can have multiple instances of Aura.
Stellar Vagrant LNL 28	LNL	LNL-028.png	Space/Dark	15	3	Level 6 Cadet	Character	2CS	Common	Once per round, during your Starting Phase, send the top card of each Player's Deck to their Rift Zone.
Volt Splitter LNL 29	LNL	LNL-029.png	Storm	20	3	Level 8 Magician	Command Character	4CS	Common	Materials: 2 Characters;Directions: Horizontal;This card's Command Materials retain their effects and status and can act and be targeted as if they're not Command Materials.;If this card attacks only 1 Character or Player with a Skill, Reaction, or Normal Attack, they may target up to 2 more Characters or Players with that attack. If this card's Command Material requirements are met, they attack all enemies instead.
Abyssal Orb LNL 30	LNL	LNL-030.png	Item	10	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +1 !plv! for every 3 cards in your Rift Zone.
Almadine Ring LNL 31	LNL	LNL-031.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Fire-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Amazonite Ring LNL 32	LNL	LNL-032.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Storm-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Ammonite Ring LNL 33	LNL	LNL-033.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Time-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Axinite Ring LNL 34	LNL	LNL-034.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Earth-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Cerebral Enhancer LNL 35	LNL	LNL-035.png	Item	6	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Character >> (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +1 !plv! for each card in your Hand.
Citrine Ring LNL 36	LNL	LNL-036.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Light-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Combo Chakram LNL 37	LNL	LNL-037.png	Item	7	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	8TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user hits 1 extra time with all attacks of Special Rank or higher.
Cybernetic Implants LNL 38	LNL	LNL-038.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	5TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When Equipped: Put 1 :curse: and 4 Damage Counters on the user.;Blindness, Stun, Poison Immune (This card cannot be targeted or affected by abilities with the listed effects.)
DCA-5 'Bastion' LNL 39	LNL	LNL-039.png	Item	3	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	8TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Attacked: You may Block this attack. If you do, this card loses 1 !hp!.
DCA-7 'Maverick' LNL 40	LNL	LNL-040.png	Item	8	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item Augment	12TP	Rare	Equip Character >> (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, you may pay 2 !tp! to multiply the user's !plv! by 2 until this turn's End Phase.
DMR-7 'Piledriver' LNL 41	LNL	LNL-041.png	Item	6	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item Augment	10TP	Uncommon	Equip Character >> (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +3 !plv!.;On Hit: You gain 1 !tp!.
DMS-1 'Ravager' LNL 42	LNL	LNL-042.png	Item	6	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	9TP	Rare	Equip Character >> (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +4 !plv!.;On Attack: If this attack Knocks Out a Character, the user heals to full !hp!.
DXA-00 'Dragonwraith' LNL 43	LNL	LNL-043.png	Item	4	N/A	Devastation Rank	Item Augment	15TP	Super Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Lock-On (This card can directly attack enemy Players and Characters regardless of Combat Zone Order.).;On Attack: If this attack deals damage to an enemy Player, hit all enemy Characters for X Unblockable damage, where X is the amount of damage this attack dealt.
DXR-00 'Soulflayer' LNL 44	LNL	LNL-044.png	Item	5	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item Augment	12TP	Super Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user has +3 !plv!.;On Attack: Put 3 :drain: on each target for this attack. If any of those targets have 0 PLV, Knock Out those targets.
DXS-00 'Ghostwidow' LNL 45	LNL	LNL-045.png	Item	4	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item Augment	12TP	Super Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When Equipped: Put 1 :barrier: on the user.;While In Play: The user has +5 !plv!.;On Attack: If the user has :barrier:, this attack deals Relentless damage.
Hematite Ring LNL 46	LNL	LNL-046.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Metal-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Infinity Clip LNL 47	LNL	LNL-047.png	Item	6	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	9TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Arm Up 3 (If 3 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);Cards attached to the user count towards this card's Arm Up cost.;While Armed Up: The user has Multistrike 2.
Malachite Ring LNL 48	LNL	LNL-048.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Nature-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Master's Sai LNL 49	LNL	LNL-049.png	Item	6	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	6TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);The user may use Reactions for 2 less !tp!. If they do, this card loses 1 !hp!.
Melanite Ring LNL 50	LNL	LNL-050.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Darkness-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Pallasite Ring LNL 51	LNL	LNL-051.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Space-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Plasma Batteries LNL 52	LNL	LNL-052.png	Item	4	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	4TP	Rare	Equip Self, Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If another card with Equip is attached to the user or an ally, if that card was played from your Hand, this card loses 1 !hp! and you gain 2 !tp!.
Prize Pistol LNL 53	LNL	LNL-053.png	Item	5	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	5TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Attack: Draw a card.
Shuffle Shotgun LNL 54	LNL	LNL-054.png	Item	4	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	6TP	Rare	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Attack: Reveal the top card of your Deck. This attack's damage is increased by X, where X is the revealed card's !tp! divided by 2, rounded up. Put that card back on top of your Deck.
Sodalite Ring LNL 55	LNL	LNL-055.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If you attach this card to an enemy Character, you still control this card.;The user gains Water-infused. (This card and all damage it deals becomes the listed element(s) instead of their normal elements.)
Supression Baton LNL 56	LNL	LNL-056.png	Item	6	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	12TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Targeted: Prevent this attack or effect unless the performer pays 3 !tp!.
Surgeon's Scalpel LNL 57	LNL	LNL-057.png	Item	2	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);On Attack: This attack deals Unblockable damage.
Utility Belt LNL 58	LNL	LNL-058.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	7TP	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);This card does not count towards the user's Equip Zone Limit. Additionally, the user can have 2 more cards in their Equip Zone.
Vortex Caster LNL 59	LNL	LNL-059.png	Item	3	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	8TP	Uncommon	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user's Normal Attack deals [Rift Count] extra damage.;On Successful Attack: All enemy Players send the top card of their Decks to their Rift Zones.
Flare Missile LNL 60	LNL	LNL-060.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Skill - Energy	4TP	Common	Hit target enemy for 8 damage.
Archangel's Blade LNL 61	LNL	LNL-061.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	8TP	Common	Knock Out target Character.
Army Sigil LNL 62	LNL	LNL-062.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	5TP	Common	All cards you control with Arm Up are considered Armed Up until this turn's End Phase.
Bionic Convertor LNL 63	LNL	LNL-063.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	6TP	Common	Put 2 :drain: on each Character you control that doesn't have :drain:. Each Character that received :drain: this way heals for 10 !hp!.
Continuum Potion LNL 64	LNL	LNL-064.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	0TP	Rare	Send up to 4 cards from the top of your Deck to your Rift Zone. You gain 1 !tp! for each card sent to your Rift Zone this way.
Dreadforge Arsenal LNL 65	LNL	LNL-065.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	9TP	Uncommon	Search your Deck for a card with Equip. Attach that card to an ally Player or Character you control without paying !tp!. Shuffle your Deck afterward.
Eldritch Gateway LNL 66	LNL	LNL-066.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Uncommon	Stock 3 (On Enter Field: Put 3 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: Send the top 3 cards of each Player's Decks to their Rift Zone.
EMP Grenade LNL 67	LNL	LNL-067.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	8TP	Common	Prevent all Items until your next Starting Phase.
Energy Crystals LNL 68	LNL	LNL-068.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	4TP	Common	Stock 4 (On Enter Field: Put 4 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);You gain 2 !tp!.
Gravity Bomb LNL 69	LNL	LNL-069.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Item	20TP	Rare	Knock Out all Characters of Level 10 or higher in all Character Zones.
Level Up! LNL 70	LNL	LNL-070.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	4TP	Uncommon	Play 1 Level Up Character from your Fighter Pool without paying !tp!. That Character has Flash.
Master Charge Device LNL 71	LNL	LNL-071.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Rare	Stock 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: Choose 1:;  [+] Target card you control that has !hp! heals for 3 !hp!.;  [+] Put 1 :power: on a card you control that can hold :power:, except for cards named Master Charge Device.
Mind Eraser LNL 72	LNL	LNL-072.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Uncommon	Stock 3 (On Enter Field: Put 3 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: Destroy a non-Character card on the Field.
Nanoweaver Cell LNL 73	LNL	LNL-073.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item	4TP	Common	Target card with Equip you control that has !hp! heals to full !hp!.
Nuclear Radiation LNL 74	LNL	LNL-074.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	7TP	Common	Put 1 :curse: on all enemy Characters.
Optical Flash Grenade LNL 75	LNL	LNL-075.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	10TP	Uncommon	Reveal the top card of your Deck. Put X :blindness: on all enemy Characters, where X is the revealed card's !tp! divided by 2, rounded up. Put that card back on top of your Deck.
Rally Drum LNL 76	LNL	LNL-076.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	8TP	Uncommon	Stock 3 (On Enter Field: Put 3 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Enter Field: Search your Deck for a Skill or Reaction and put it in your Hand. Shuffle your Deck afterward.;On Activate: All ally Characters get +2 !plv! until this turn's End Phase.
Reaper's Roulette LNL 77	LNL	LNL-077.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Rare	Flip up to 3 coins. For each Heads, target 1 enemy Character. for each Tails, target 1 ally Character. Knock Out each target. You cannot select the same target more than once.
Scrap Condensor LNL 78	LNL	LNL-078.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	15TP	Common	Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);This card has 1 less !tp! for every 2 cards in your Discard Pile.;Shuffle up to 8 non-Character cards from your Discard Pile into your Deck.
Sonar Grenade LNL 79	LNL	LNL-079.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Common	Hit target enemy Character for 12 damage. If successful, Mute your target.
Tears of Life LNL 80	LNL	LNL-080.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Rare	Remove all unoriginal Keywords and Counters from target ally Character.
Chaosborn LNL 81	LNL	LNL-081.png	Null	15	1	Level 5 Abomination	Reaction Character	2CS	Common	Mystify: Discard 2 cards from your Hand. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);On Mystify Paid: This card gains 4 !plv! and 5 !hp!.
Chronomech LNL 82	LNL	LNL-082.png	Time/Metal	20	3	Level 7 Mecha	Reaction Character	3CS	Uncommon	Mystify: Put 4 Damage Counters on this card. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);On Mystify Paid: You gain 3 !tp!.
Deepwater Phantom LNL 83	LNL	LNL-083.png	Water	18	2	Level 10 Undead	Reaction Character	2CS	Rare	Mystify: 2 !tp!. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);Once per round, you may pay this card's Mystify cost without it being face-down. If you do, this card's Mystify cost is multiplied by 4 until this turn's End Phase.;On Mystify Paid: This card gains X Immune until this turn's End Phase, where X is an Element of your choice. (This card cannot be targeted or affected by abilities with the listed effects.)
Flicker Spirit LNL 84	LNL	LNL-084.png	Nature/Fire	10	4	Level 5 Spirit	Reaction Character	1CS	Uncommon	Mystify: Send this card to your Backup Zone. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);Tag Out (Once per turn, you may put this card into a Character Zone or Backup Zone you own and control during any Phase. If you do, you may take target Character in the new Zone that's not this card and put it in the previous Zone.);On Mystify Paid: Put 6 Damage Counters on target enemy.;On Moved to Backup Zone: Put 6 Damage Counters on target enemy.
Hellshadow LNL 85	LNL	LNL-085.png	Dark	14	3	Level 10 Abomination	Reaction Character	3CS	Uncommon	Mystify: Send a card from the top of your Deck to your Discard Pile. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);Once per round, you may pay this card's Mystify cost without it being face-down. If you do, this card's Mystify cost is multiplied by 3 until this turn's End Phase.;On Mystify Paid: This card gains Null Immune until your next Starting Phase.
Prism Warrior LNL 86	LNL	LNL-086.png	Light/Water	15	4	Level 8 Knight	Reaction Character	3CS	Common	Mystify: 5 !tp!. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);On Mystify Paid: You may Deflect 1 attack of Hyper Rank or lower. If you do, the Deflected attack's damage is multiplied by 2.
The Unforgiving LNL 87	LNL	LNL-087.png	Dark	100	20	Level 30 Multiverser	Reaction Character - Boss	15CS	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Boss 5 (To play this card, send 5 Character card(s) from your Discard Pile to your Rift Zone.);Mystify: Send all Characters in your Discard Pile to your Rift Zone. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);On Mystify Paid: This card gains Knock Out Immune.
Bladewire Trap LNL 88	LNL	LNL-088.png	Metal/Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Item	6TP	Uncommon	Contingency: An enemy Character or Player attacked 3 or more times this turn. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit all enemy Characters for X Unblockable damage, where X is that Character's Level.;On Contingency Trigger: This card's damage is multiplied by 2.
Devolving Slime LNL 89	LNL	LNL-089.png	Dark/Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction Item	10TP	Uncommon	Contingency: An enemy Player played a Level Up Character this turn. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);If target Character is a Level Up Character, send that Level Up card to its owner's Discard Pile. All Characters stacked under that Character are sent to their owners' Backup Zones. All other cards stacked under that Character are sent to their owners' Discard Piles.;On Contingency Trigger: Send your target to their owner's Rift Zone instead. All cards attached to and stacked under your target are sent to their owners' Discard Piles.
Encrypted Radio LNL 90	LNL	LNL-090.png	Space/Light	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction Item	6TP	Common	Contingency: A Character you controlled was Knocked Out this turn. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);On Contingency Trigger: This card has 3 less !tp!.;Look at the top 6 cards of your Deck. You may reveal up to 2 of them and put them in your Hand. Shuffle the other cards back into your Deck.
Rusting Spray LNL 91	LNL	LNL-091.png	Time/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Item	5TP	Uncommon	Contingency: An enemy Player played 2 or more cards with Equip this turn. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Destroy 1 card with Equip.;On Contingency Trigger: Destroy up to 2 cards with Equip instead.
Air Shot LNL 92	LNL	LNL-092.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	8TP	Rare	This card can only be used if the user has already attacked this turn. Hit each previous target for [!plv!+2] damage. If any of those targets have :paralyze:, hit those targets for [!plv!*2] damage instead.
Bloodbath Trap LNL 93	LNL	LNL-093.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Physical	7TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =darkness= and an enemy Character that doesn't have full !hp! is attacking. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+4] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Counter-hit with this card instead. If successful, Knock Out your target.
Explosive Trap LNL 94	LNL	LNL-094.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =fire= and an enemy Character is attacking with a Normal Attack. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+7] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Counter-hit with this card instead. If successful, your target gains Concussion.
Frost Trap LNL 95	LNL	LNL-095.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =water= and an enemy Player has drawn 3 or more cards during this round. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+2] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Target Player shuffles their Hand back into their Deck and draws 2 cards.
Mud Trap LNL 96	LNL	LNL-096.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Physical	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =earth= and an enemy Player controls a Character of Level 10 or higher. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+5] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Hit target enemy for [!plv!+5+X] Unblockable damage instead, where X is equal to your target's Level.
Penance Trap LNL 97	LNL	LNL-097.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =light= and an enemy Knocked Out a Character during this turn. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+5] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Put X Damage Counters on the attacker instead, where X is the Level of the Character that was Knocked Out.
Perfect Guard LNL 98	LNL	LNL-098.png	Time/Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction Skill - Physical	10TP	Rare	Prevent 1 attack of Hyper Rank or lower that targets the user of this card until your next Starting Phase. If this is put into the chain after an attack, counter-hit for [!plv!*3] damage.
Sawblade Trap LNL 99	LNL	LNL-099.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Physical	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =metal= and an enemy is using a Reaction. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!+8] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Counter-hit with this card for [!plv!+2] damage 3 times instead.
Shocking Trap LNL 100	LNL	LNL-100.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =storm= and an enemy Player controls 5 or more Character or Item cards. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit up to 3 target enemies for [!plv!+3] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Hit all enemies for [!plv!+3] damage instead. Additionally, put 1 Damage Counter on all Items you don't control that have !hp!.
Stasis Trap LNL 101	LNL	LNL-101.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	8TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =time= and an enemy Player has 15 or more !tp!. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.); Hit target enemy for [!plv!+2] damage 2 times.;On Contingency Trigger: All enemy Players lose 10 !tp!.
Treeroot Trap LNL 102	LNL	LNL-102.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Physical	7TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =nature= and a Player has 10 or fewer cards in their Discard Pile. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Hit target enemy for [!plv!*2] damage.;On Contingency Trigger: Target Player shuffles their Deck and sends the top 3 cards of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
Wormhole Trap LNL 103	LNL	LNL-103.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill - Energy	9TP	Super Rare	Contingency: The user is =space= and you have X or more cards in your Rift Zone, where X is equal to the user's Level. (You may play this card immediately when this card's Contingency effect is triggered.);Send target Character and all cards attached to and stacked under them to their owner's Discard Pile.;On Contingency Trigger: Send those cards to their owner's Rift Zone instead.
Abyssal Fortification LNL 104	LNL	LNL-104.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction	15TP	Common	Block 1 attack that targets the user of this card. If successful, you may send up to 3 non-Character Item or Augment cards from your Discard Pile to your Hand.
Beam Sword Buster LNL 105	LNL	LNL-105.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Energy	8TP	Common	Block 1 attack of Ultra Rank that targets the user of this card, or Deflect 1 attack of Hyper Rank or lower that targets the user of this card.;Counter-hit for [!plv!+2] damage.
Book It LNL 106	LNL	LNL-106.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Physical	5TP	Uncommon	Prevent 1 attack that targets the user of this card. If successful, send the user to your Fighter Pool.
Chaos Hole LNL 107	LNL	LNL-107.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction	10TP	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);You need at least 5 cards in your Rift Zone in order to play this card.;On Draw: Play this card. If you can't, send it to your Rift Zone.;Until the end of the game, during each Player's End Phase, that player must send 2 cards from the top of their Deck to their Rift Zone. If they don't, they lose 5 !hp! for each card not sent to their Rift Zone this way.
Confound LNL 108	LNL	LNL-108.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction	4TP	Common	Deflect 1 attack of Hyper Rank or lower unless the attacker discards 2 cards from their Hand.
Dissolving Venom LNL 109	LNL	LNL-109.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction - Physical	10TP	Uncommon	Negate 1 attack of Ultra Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, destroy all Items and Augments attached to the user. X becomes the total !tp! of all cards destroyed this way.;Counter-hit for X damage.
Explosive Push LNL 110	LNL	LNL-110.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction - Physical	8TP	Uncommon	Block 1 attack of Hyper Rank that targets the user of this card, or Negate 1 attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, send the attacker to their owner's Backup Zone.
Expose Weakness LNL 111	LNL	LNL-111.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction	5TP	Common	Block 1 Physical attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card, then put 5 :drain: on the attacker.
Flushing Whirlpool LNL 112	LNL	LNL-112.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Physical	10TP	Rare	This card can only be used by Characters.;Block 1 attack of Ultra Rank or lower. If successful, put up to 3 non-Character cards you don't control on the bottom of their owners' Decks.
Improv Session LNL 113	LNL	LNL-113.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction	10TP	Ultra Rare	Block 1 attack of Ultra Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, counter-hit with target Skill of Hyper Rank or lower from your Discard Pile or Rift Zone without paying !tp!.
Momentum Cancel LNL 114	LNL	LNL-114.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction	5TP	Uncommon	Prevent 1 attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, put 2 :paralyze: on the attacker.
Pain Resonance LNL 115	LNL	LNL-115.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Energy	8TP	Uncommon	Counter-hit for [X*2] Unblockable damage, where X is the !tp! of the attacker's attack, unless the attacker sends the top 4 cards of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
Power Hijack LNL 116	LNL	LNL-116.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Energy	8TP	Rare	Negate 1 attack of Hyper Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, you may target 1 card that can hold :power:. Remove 3 :power: from your target.
Pressure Spray LNL 117	LNL	LNL-117.png	Metal/Water	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction	6TP	Uncommon	Negate 1 Physical or Energy attack of Hyper Rank or lower. If successful, target Player loses 4 !tp!.
Purgatory LNL 118	LNL	LNL-118.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Reaction	25TP	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Prevent and destroy all Skills, Reactions, and face-down cards each enemy Player controls on the Field.
Purity Restore LNL 119	LNL	LNL-119.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction	20TP	Super Rare	Negate 1 attack of Devastation Rank or lower that targets the user of this card. If successful, remove all unoriginal Keywords and Counters from the user. The user heals to full !hp!.
Raging Retaliation LNL 120	LNL	LNL-120.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction - Physical	10TP	Rare	Counter-hit for X Relentless damage, where X is the amount of damage the attacker dealt this turn.
Repulsor Strike LNL 121	LNL	LNL-121.png	Metal/Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction - Energy	3TP	Common	Block 1 attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card.;Counter-hit for [!plv!+2] damage.
Thorn Barrier LNL 122	LNL	LNL-122.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Reaction - Physical	4TP	Uncommon	Negate 1 Physical attack of Special Rank or lower that targets the user of this card, or Block 1 Normal Attack that targets the user of this card. If this card Negated or Blocked a Physical attack, put 3 Damage Counters on the attacker.
Soul of the Blade LNL 123	LNL	LNL-123.png	Light/Metal	30	3	Level 10 Knight	Skill Character - Physical	5CS	Uncommon	Signature: 5 !tp!. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This Skill is Hyper Rank. Hit target enemy for !plv! damage 3 times.
Aquaforge LNL 124	LNL	LNL-124.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill	10TP	Common	Look at the top 5 cards of your Deck. You may reveal a card with Equip from those cards and attach it to a Character you control without paying !tp!. Put the rest of the cards back on top of your Deck in any order.
Astral Infusion LNL 125	LNL	LNL-125.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill	6TP	Super Rare	This card can be used from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;Up to 5 target Items or Augments you don't control gain Void.
Beyonder's Gaze LNL 126	LNL	LNL-126.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Skill	15TP	Common	Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);Hit target enemy for X damage, where X is the total !tp! divided by 2, rounded up, of all cards in your Rift Zone.
Blood Slash LNL 127	LNL	LNL-127.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	5TP	Common	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+4] damage. If successful, the user gains Bloodlust 1. Put 5 Damage Counters on the user.
Branch Barrage LNL 128	LNL	LNL-128.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	8TP	Rare	Hit target enemy for !plv! damage 3 times. If your target is a Player, that player discards a card for each successful hit. If your target is a Character, put 1 :poison: On your target for each successful hit.
Branching Strike LNL 129	LNL	LNL-129.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Skill - Physical	4TP	Uncommon	Once per round, during your Starting Phase, if this card is in your Discard Pile, you may attach it face-down to a =nature= Character you control.;On Activate: Hit target enemy for [!plv!+2] damage.
Branding Palm LNL 130	LNL	LNL-130.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	6TP	Uncommon	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+4] damage. If successful, the next attack the defender receives during this turn deals Relentless damage.
Catapult Kick LNL 131	LNL	LNL-131.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	8TP	Common	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+4] damage. If successful, put 1 :paralyze: and 1 :fracture: on your target.
Double Shell Bomber LNL 132	LNL	LNL-132.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Physical	10TP	Common	Hit target enemy for 10 damage 2 times.
Dragon Barrage LNL 133	LNL	LNL-133.png	Light/Fire	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Physical	12TP	Uncommon	Overdrive: Discard 2 cards. (On Activate: You may pay this cost to trigger this card's Overdrive effect.);Hit target enemy for !plv! damage 3 times.;On Overdrive Paid: Hit your target for [!plv!+4] damage. If successful, put 3 :drain: on both the user and your target.
Everlasting Rend LNL 134	LNL	LNL-134.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Skill	25TP	Ultra Rare	Send target card you don't control to their owner's Rift Zone, then search for all cards with the same name and put those cards in their owners' Rift Zones.
Genesis Mode LNL 135	LNL	LNL-135.png	Space/Time	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Skill	30TP	Ultra Rare	This card can only be used by Characters.;On Activate: The user gains Multistrike 5 and can play cards and activate effects without paying !tp!.;During your End Phase, your !tp! becomes 0 and you receive damage equal to your !hp! divided by 2, rounded down.
Hurricane Axe Kick LNL 136	LNL	LNL-136.png	Time/Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Physical	12TP	Rare	Hit target enemy for [!plv!-2] damage 5 times. If successful, put 2 :paralyze: on your target.
Ion Discharge LNL 137	LNL	LNL-137.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Energy	12TP	Rare	Lock-On (This card can directly attack enemy Players and Characters regardless of Combat Zone Order.);Put X :power: on the user, where X is the user's !tp!. During this turn's End Phase, if the user has more :power: Than they can hold, remove all :power: from them.;Hit all enemies for Y damage, where Y is the number of :power: on the user.
Junk Toss LNL 138	LNL	LNL-138.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	6TP	Uncommon	You must destroy all cards with Equip attached to the user in order to play this card. X becomes the amount of cards destroyed this way.;Hit target enemy for [!plv!+5] damage X times. For each successful hit, put 1 :fracture: on your target.
Leeching Blow LNL 139	LNL	LNL-139.png	Dark/Nature	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Skill - Physical	5TP	Common	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+3] damage. If successful, the user heals for 2 !hp! for each card attached to your target.
Magnum Shotgun LNL 140	LNL	LNL-140.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Physical	10TP	Uncommon	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+4] damage [X+1] times, where X is the amount of Items attached to the user.
Molten Spray LNL 141	LNL	LNL-141.png	Earth/Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	8TP	Uncommon	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+3] damage. If successful, you may destroy an Item attached to your target. If you do, hit your target for 4 Unblockable damage.
Nitro Palm LNL 142	LNL	LNL-142.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Skill - Physical	3TP	Common	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+2] damage. If successful, put 3 :poison: and 3 :drain: on your target.
Recharging Strike LNL 143	LNL	LNL-143.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	6TP	Uncommon	Hit up to 2 target enemies for [!plv!+2] damage. For each successful hit, choose 1:;  [+] Put 1 :power: on a card you control that can hold :power:.;  [+] An Item you control that has !hp! heals for 1 !hp!.
Rift Memory LNL 144	LNL	LNL-144.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill	5TP	Rare	This card can be played from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;This card can only be played from your Hand.;If this card is sent to your Rift Zone, send it to your Discard Pile instead.;You or an ally may use target Skill or Reaction from your Rift Zone as if it were attached to them until this turn's End Phase.
Rite of Reclamation LNL 145	LNL	LNL-145.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill	6TP	Uncommon	This card can only be used by Characters.;Put X target non-Character cards from your Discard Pile on the bottom of your Deck in any order, where X is the !tp! of the user.
Sparking Divekick LNL 146	LNL	LNL-146.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Skill - Physical	7TP	Common	Hit target enemy for [!plv!+2] damage. If successful, Hit up to 3 target enemies for [!plv!-1] damage.
Treacherous Blade LNL 147	LNL	LNL-147.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Skill - Physical	5TP	Uncommon	Hit target enemy for !plv! damage X times, where X is the amount of cards with Equip attached to your target.
Variable Thunder LNL 148	LNL	LNL-148.png	Nature/Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Energy	0TP	Rare	You must send your Hand to your Discard Pile in order to play this card. X becomes how many cards you sent to your Discard Pile this way.;Lock-On (This card can directly attack enemy Players and Characters regardless of Combat Zone Order.);Flip X Coins. For each Heads, Hit target enemy for [!plv!+X] damage.
Wasp Strike LNL 149	LNL	LNL-149.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill - Physical	9TP	Rare	Hit target enemy for !plv! damage 5 times. For each successful hit, put 1 :poison: on your target.
Spectacular Rush LNL 150	LNL	LNL-150.png	Null	N/A	N/A		World Rule		Omega Rare	All Characters and Players can have an unlimited number of cards in their Equip Zones.