Name	Set	ImageFile	Element	Hit Points	Powerlevel	Defense	Agility	Level/Rank	Typecasting	Cost	Rarity	Description
Black Hole WLH 1	WLH	WLH-001.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Uncommon	Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Carrier 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card.);Remove 1 Power Counter: Put target Character in their owner's Reserve Zone. They can't act until their owner's next End Phase.
Caster Bug WLH 2	WLH	WLH-002.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);If the user plays or activates a card from their Hand, an Equip Zone they control, or a Character Zone they control, they lose 1 HP.
Chaos Bug WLH 3	WLH	WLH-003.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	12TP	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When Equipped: Put 2 Curse Counters on all Characters the user controls.;While In Play: All cards the user owns have Void.
Damage Bug WLH 4	WLH	WLH-004.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	6TP	Common	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, during your Starting Phase, this card deals 2 Relentless damage to the user.
Emotion Bug WLH 5	WLH	WLH-005.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Neutrality (This card is controlled by the Player who's taking their turn. CS costs for this card are paid by the owner of this card.)
Foresight Bug WLH 6	WLH	WLH-006.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user's Maximum Hand Size is decreased by 2.
God Aura WLH 7	WLH	WLH-007.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Augment	25TP	Omega Rare	Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user is in The Last Stand. Additionally, the user can't be targeted directly by cards they don't control unless they control no Characters.
Knowledge Bug WLH 8	WLH	WLH-008.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user can't have cards attached to them except for cards named Knowledge Bug.
Normality Purge WLH 9	WLH	WLH-009.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment - Arena	10TP	Uncommon	Arena (Play this card in your Arena Zone. You can only have 1 card in your Arena Zone at a time.);While In Play: Normal Attacks no longer grant TP. Additionally, all Normal Attacks deal damage with the Elements of the attacker instead of Null-type damage in addition to any other effects.
Signature Lock WLH 10	WLH	WLH-010.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Super Rare	This card is Null-type.;Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When Equipped: Reveal 1 Skill or Reaction from your Hand and attach it to this card face-up. X becomes the TP cost of that card.;Signature: X TP. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: Activate the face-up Skill or Reaction attached to this card. It does not get removed from the field once it resolves.
Stack Factory WLH 11	WLH	WLH-011.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Augment	5TP	Common	Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, you may target 1 Character or Buildup Skill you control. If you do, send the top card of your Deck to your target's Stack.
Status Bug WLH 12	WLH	WLH-012.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	12TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);When Equipped: Put 1 Paralyze, 2 Timebomb, 5 Drain, 5 Poison, 3 Blindness, and 3 Fracture Counters on the user.;While In Play: Mute the user.
Strength Bug WLH 13	WLH	WLH-013.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Common	Equip Character (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user loses 1 PLV for each Character in Play. Additionally, the user has Timid 10.
Technique Bug WLH 14	WLH	WLH-014.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Common	Equip Player >> (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user can't gain TP from Keywords, Counters, or card effects.
Terrain Bug WLH 15	WLH	WLH-015.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Augment	8TP	Common	Equip Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);While In Play: The user can't play, activate, or use the effects of Arena Augments. If the user controls an Arena Augment, destroy it.
White Hole WLH 16	WLH	WLH-016.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Augment	10TP	Uncommon	Equip Self (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Carrier 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card.);Remove 1 Power Counter: Put target Character from your Reserve Zone to one of your Character Zones. Their CS cost becomes 0 until they leave the Character Zone.
Alloy Adept WLH 17	WLH	WLH-017.png	Metal	25	5	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Metal Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Metal Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Attacked: If this attack deals Basic damage, counter-hit for 5 Unblockable damage.
Aqua Adept WLH 18	WLH	WLH-018.png	Water	24	4	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Water Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Water Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Successful Attack: You may draw a card. If you do, discard a card from your Hand.
Bard of the King WLH 19	WLH	WLH-019.png	Light/Nature	28	4	Level 14	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Rare	Level-Up The Wandering Bard (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Once per round, you may flip a coin. If Heads, all allies gain 3 PLV until your next Starting Phase and heal for 3 HP.
Cerari WLH 20	WLH	WLH-020.png	Light/Storm	27	4	Level 12	Character	2CS	Common	While In Play: This card's Normal Attack damage is multiplied by 2 if their Normal Attack is at least 2 Elements.;Once per round, this card may Block 1 Normal Attack.
Cosmos Adept WLH 21	WLH	WLH-021.png	Space	30	5	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Space Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Space Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Targeted: You may activate a Skill or Reaction in any Player's Rift Zone as if it was attached to this card. All costs and requirements still apply.
Eon Adept WLH 22	WLH	WLH-022.png	Time	28	4	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Time Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Time Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Power Source 2 (During your Starting Phase, you gain 2 TP.)
Flame Adept WLH 23	WLH	WLH-023.png	Fire	32	7	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Fire Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Fire Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Taking Damage: Put 2 Drain Counters on all enemy Characters.
Gaia Adept WLH 24	WLH	WLH-024.png	Earth	40	5	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Earth Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Earth Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Once per round, you may put up to 3 Fracture Counters on enemy Characters.
Heartless Adept WLH 25	WLH	WLH-025.png	Dark	29	6	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Darkness Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Darkness Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Enter Field: Put 2 Curse Counters on all enemy Characters.
Kelreth, Jester of the Universe WLH 26	WLH	WLH-026.png	Space	32	10	Level 20	Character - Boss	4CS	Ultra Rare	Boss 2 (To play this card, send 2 Character card(s) from your Discard Pile to your Rift Zone.);Backup: Put this Character in its owner's Character Zone. (This effect is active as long as this card is in your Reserve Zone.);Neutrality (This card is controlled by the Player who's taking their turn. CS costs for this card are paid by the owner of this card.);While the owner of this card doesn't control it, its CS Cost becomes 0. Additionally, once per round, during the controller's Starting Phase, they put 1 Timebomb Counter on all ally Characters except this card.
Kelreth, Prankster Deity of Confetti WLH 27	WLH	WLH-027.png	Null	?	?	Level ???	Character - Raider		Omega Rare	Raider (Cards with Raider can't be put in your Fighter Pool or Deck. If all cards with Raider are destroyed, all players win the game.);This card is Null-Type.;While In Play: This card's HP is equal to its owner's Deck Count. This card's PLV is equal to its owner's Hand Count.;On Taking Damage: The owner discards cards from the top of their Deck equal to this damage.;[2+ Players];While In Play: This card's PLV is equal to all players' Hand Counts.;[4+ Players];On Starting Phase Start: Return that player's Discard Pile and Rift Zone into their owners' Decks and Fighter Pools. Shuffle all Decks afterward.
Magma Golem Familiar WLH 28	WLH	WLH-028.png	Earth/Fire	32	4	Level 10	Character	3CS	Common	Earth, Fire Friendship 3 (If you control at least 3 Characters in the Character Zone, Characters you control with at least 1 of the listed elements cost 1 fewer CS.)
Multiversal Puppet Familiar WLH 29	WLH	WLH-029.png	Space/Time	20	4	Level 10	Character	3CS	Common	Space, Time Friendship 3 (If you control at least 3 Characters in the Character Zone, Characters you control with at least 1 of the listed elements cost 1 fewer CS.)
Nature Adept WLH 30	WLH	WLH-030.png	Nature	26	6	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Nature Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Nature Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Once per round, during yourStarting Phase, target enemy Player discards a card from their Hand at random.
Obsidian Armor Familiar WLH 31	WLH	WLH-031.png	Dark/Metal	18	4	Level 10	Character	3CS	Common	Darkness, Metal Friendship 3 (If you control at least 3 Characters in the Character Zone, Characters you control with at least 1 of the listed elements cost 1 fewer CS.)
Photon Adept WLH 32	WLH	WLH-032.png	Light	30	6	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Light Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Light Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);Once per round, during your End Phase, you may destroy target non-Character card you don't control.
Raincloud Spirit Familiar WLH 33	WLH	WLH-033.png	Storm/Water	22	5	Level 10	Character	3CS	Common	Storm, Water Friendship 3 (If you control at least 3 Characters in the Character Zone, Characters you control with at least 1 of the listed elements cost 1 fewer CS.)
Rant WLH 34	WLH	WLH-034.png	Null	20	5	Level 10	Character	2CS	Super Rare	This card is Null-type.;Vengeance: This card's ally heals to full HP. Knock Out this card instead. (If an ally Character is Knocked Out, this card's Vengeance effect is triggered.);Arm Up 2 (If 2 or more cards with Equip are attached to this card, this card is considered Armed Up.);While Armed Up: You may ignore this card's Vengeance.
Ranulf Starigan, Overseer of Talthrim WLH 35	WLH	WLH-035.png	Space/Light	80	10	Level ???	Character - Raider		Omega Rare	Raider (Cards with Raider can't be put in your Fighter Pool or Deck. If all cards with Raider are destroyed, all players win the game.);On Round Start: Heal this card by 20 HP.;[2+ Players];On Successful Attack: If this hits a Character, this card gains control of that Character until the end of this round.;[3+ Players];Lock-On (This card can directly attack enemy players and Characters in Reserve Zones.);While In Play: This card deals Relentless damage.;[4+ Players];On Successful Attack: Mute all enemy Characters.
Ranulf, Bard of the Universe WLH 36	WLH	WLH-036.png	Time/Light	40	6	Level 20	Character - Level-Up	4CS	Omega Rare	This card is Nature-type in addition to its other Elements.;Level-Up Bard of the King (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Once per round, if a coin flip effect was performed, you may ignore its results and choose the results you want, up to a maximum of 5 results.;On Successful Attack: All ally Characters gain 5 PLV until your next Starting Phase.
Rune, Elemental Dragonborn WLH 37	WLH	WLH-037.png	Storm/Fire	18	4	Level 10	Character	2CS	Rare	This card is Earth-type and Water-type in addition to its other Elements.;This card can hold a maximum of 6 Power Counters.;If this card or an ally Character performs a Normal Attack, put 1 Power Counter on this card for each Element that Normal Attack has.;Remove 2 Power Counters: Target ally Character gains Wildcard until this turn's End Phase.
Senrir Fandir, Apathetic Elementalist WLH 38	WLH	WLH-038.png	Water/Fire	70	4+X	Level ???	Character - Raider		Omega Rare	Raider (Cards with Raider can't be put in your Fighter Pool or Deck. If all cards with Raider are destroyed, all players win the game.) >>;This card can hold an unlimited number of Power Counters. X is equal to the amount of Power Counters on this card.;On Round Start: Put 1 Power Counter on this card for every 2 elements this card has, excluding Null-type.;[3+ Players];This card is Earth-type and Storm-type in addition to its other elements.;[4+ Players];This card has Wildcard.
Sunflower Treant Familiar WLH 39	WLH	WLH-039.png	Light/Nature	20	3	Level 10	Character	3CS	Common	Light, Nature Friendship 3 (If you control at least 3 Characters in the Character Zone, Characters you control with at least 1 of the listed elements cost 1 fewer CS.)
Super Cerari WLH 40	WLH	WLH-040.png	Light/Storm	45	7	Level 19	Character - Level-Up	4CS	Rare	Level-Up Cerari (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Multistrike 2 (This card can perform their Normal Attack 2 more time(s) per round.);This card's Normal Attack damage is multiplied by 2 if their Normal Attack is at least 1 Element.;Once per round, this card may Block 1 Physical or Energy attack of Special Rank or lower.
The Wandering Bard WLH 41	WLH	WLH-041.png	Nature	20	2	Level 8	Character	2CS	Common	Once per round, you may pay 2 TP to give all other ally Characters +2 PLV until your next Starting Phase.
Xavior Leo, Existence Purger WLH 42	WLH	WLH-042.png	Dark/Metal	100	5+X	Level ???	Character - Raider		Omega Rare	Raider (Cards with Raider can't be put in your Fighter Pool or Deck. If all cards with Raider are destroyed, all players win the game.);On End Phase: That player sends the top card of their Deck to their Rift Zone.;[2+ Players];X is equal to the amount of cards in all players' Rift Zones.;[3+ Players];All Arena Augments are Prevented and sent to their owners' Rift Zones upon entering the Field.;[4+ Players];On Attacked: Negate that attack if it's Special Rank or lower. If that attack is from a non-Character card, send that card to its owner's Rift Zone.
Zephyr Adept WLH 43	WLH	WLH-043.png	Storm	20	6	Level 15	Character - Level-Up	3CS	Uncommon	Level-Up 2 Storm Characters of Level 10 or lower (To play this card, the listed card(s) must be in play and able to act. Place this card on top of the listed card(s). Those cards are now in this card's Stack.);Storm Affinity (This card lowers the TP cost of cards that have at least 1 of the listed elements by 1 for each match.);On Successful Attack: Put 1 Paralyze Counter on your target.
Transformation Showcase WLH 44	WLH	WLH-044.png	Nature	N/A	N/A		Command	10TP	Super Rare	Materials: 2 Characters;Directions: Cardinal;On Activate: You may Level-Up any Characters that have no Subtype and are being used as this card's Command Materials. Additionally, you may use 1 of this card's Command Materials to Level-Up this card's other Command Material.;On Destroyed: If this card was activated successfully, All Level-Up Characters played from this card's activation gain Flash until this turn's End Phase. Otherwise, send all of this card's Command Materials to your Fighter Pool.
Elemental Tome - Bolt WLH 45	WLH	WLH-045.png	Storm	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Energy Normal Attack. Hit all enemies for 5 Unblockable damage.
Elemental Tome - Fire WLH 46	WLH	WLH-046.png	Fire	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Energy Normal Attack. Hit target enemy for [PLV*2] damage. If successful, put 1 Drain Counter on your target.
Elemental Tome - Fog WLH 47	WLH	WLH-047.png	Dark	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Unknown Normal Attack. Hit all enemies for 3 Relentless damage. Additionally, for each successful hit, put 1 Blindness Counter on that target
Elemental Tome - Grasp WLH 48	WLH	WLH-048.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	6TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Unknown Normal Attack. Hit target enemy for [PLV] damage. If successful, send your target to their owner's Fighter Pool. If they were Knocked Out, send your target to their owner's Rift Zone instead.
Elemental Tome - Ice WLH 49	WLH	WLH-049.png	Water	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Energy Normal Attaack. Reveal the top card of your Deck. Hit target enemy for [PLV] damage. If the revealed card is Water-type, put 1 Paralyze Counter on your target. Put the revealed card back on top of your Deck afterward.
Elemental Tome - Magnet WLH 50	WLH	WLH-050.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Unknown Normal Attack. Hit target enemy for [PLV+2] damage. If successful, search your Discard Pile for an Item or Augment and put it on top of your Deck.
Elemental Tome - Quake WLH 51	WLH	WLH-051.png	Earth	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is a Physical Normal Attack. Hit target enemy for 9 damage. If successful, send your target to its owner's Reserve Zone.
Elemental Tome - Quick WLH 52	WLH	WLH-052.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Unknown Normal Attack. Target 1 enemy. Hit target enemy for [PLV-2] damage. If successful, you gain 5 TP.
Elemental Tome - Sap WLH 53	WLH	WLH-053.png	Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	3TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Unknown Normal Attack. Hit target enemy for [PLV] damage. If successful, target enemy Player sends 2 cards from their Hand to the bottom of their Deck at random.
Elemental Tome - Shine WLH 54	WLH	WLH-054.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	6TP	Rare	Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Signature: Destroy this card. (You may pay this cost to activate one of this card's Skill or Reaction effects.);On Signature Paid: This is an Energy Normal Attaack. Hit target enemy for 6 Relentless damage. If successful, target ally heals for 6 HP.
Two-Faced Coin WLH 55	WLH	WLH-055.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item Augment	5TP	Common	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Equip Character, Player (Attach this card to a relevant target in their Equip Zone.);Once per round, if the user performs a coin flip effect, you may ignore its results and redo the coin flip.
Agekeeper WLH 56	WLH	WLH-056.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Item	30TP	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Stock 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: It becomes target Player's turn, entering a Phase of your choice. The round is still the same.
Charged Concoction WLH 57	WLH	WLH-057.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item	5TP	Common	This card can be used during any Phase.;On Activate: Put up to 3 Power Counters on target card that can hold Power Counters.
Claw Game WLH 58	WLH	WLH-058.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	5TP	Uncommon	Stock 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: Discard 2 cards from the top or bottom of your Deck, then search your Discard Pile for a non-Character card and put it in your Hand.
Energy Candy WLH 59	WLH	WLH-059.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item	0TP	Uncommon	This card can be used during any Phase.;On Activate: You gain [X+1] TP, where X is equal to the amount of cards named Energy Candy in your Discard Pile.
Eon Shifter WLH 60	WLH	WLH-060.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Item	20TP	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);After this turn's End Phase, skip all other Players' turns until it's the user's turn.
Garbage Grenade WLH 61	WLH	WLH-061.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	6TP	Common	Hit target enemy for X damage, where X is the amount of cards in your Discard Pile.
Humongous Blade WLH 62	WLH	WLH-062.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Item	25TP	Super Rare	This card can only be used if you control at least 3 Characters.;On Activate: Knock Out X target enemy Characters, where X is how many Characters you control.
Power Coin WLH 63	WLH	WLH-063.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Item	0TP	Common	Flip 4 coins. For each Heads, target 1 Player. Your target gains 1 TP.
Stack Fodder WLH 64	WLH	WLH-064.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item	1TP	Common	Target 1 ally Character or Buildup Skill. Put this card in your target's Stack.
Stack Potion WLH 65	WLH	WLH-065.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Special Rank	Item	3TP	Common	Stock 3 (On Enter Field: Put 3 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: You gain 1 TP. Additionally, you may send 1 card from a Stack you control to your Discard Pile. If you do, you gain 1 TP.
Trigger Button WLH 66	WLH	WLH-066.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Item	10TP	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Stock 2 (On Enter Field: Put 2 Power Counter(s) on this card. Once per round, you may remove 1 Power Counter to activate this card.);On Activate: Activate an Item that has Stock as if you control it except for cards named Trigger Button. All costs and requirements still apply.
Wrath Potion WLH 67	WLH	WLH-067.png	Item	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Item	15TP	Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);Catalyst Character 1 (You must send 1 card(s) you control with at least 1 of the listed Elements, Subtypes, or Supertypes from your Hand or your side of the field to their owner's Discard Pile(s) in order to play this card.);Target 1 Character. Your target gains Bloodlust 3, Wildcard, and Any Mastery.
Shadow Amalgamation WLH 68	WLH	WLH-068.png	Dark	10	1	Level 8	Reaction Character	2CS	Rare	Mystify: Flip another Character your control face-down. (You may play this card face down. On Targeted: Reveal this card. You may pay this cost to trigger its Mystify effect.);On Mystify: Add a face-down card you control to this card's Stack. If that card was in a Character Zone and had a Stack, all cards in that Stack are also added to this card's Stack.;While In Play: This card has +2 Max HP and +1 PLV for each card in its Stack.
Cosmic Blast WLH 69	WLH	WLH-069.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction Skill	8TP	Common	Destroy up to 3 non-Character cards on the field. For each card destroyed this way, put 1 Timebomb Counters on target enemy Character.
Out of Bounds WLH 70	WLH	WLH-070.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction Skill	15TP	Ultra Rare	This card is Null-type.;This card can be played from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;This card can only be played from your Hand.;Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);You cannot target, be targeted, affect, or be affected by cards, effects, or attacks until your next Starting Phase.
Variable Stage WLH 71	WLH	WLH-071.png	Space/Earth	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction Skill	0TP	Rare	You must send your Hand to your Discard Pile in order to play this card. X becomes how many cards you sent to your Discard Pile this way.;Flip X coins. All Players' Maximum CS becomes [Y+1] until your next turn's End Phase, where Y is the amount of times Heads was flipped.
Code of Chaos WLH 72	WLH	WLH-072.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction - Trigger	15TP	Super Rare	This card is Null-type.;Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Trigger: An enemy enters their Starting Phase. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);On Activate: All enemy Players must shuffle their Decks, then send the top 5 cards of their Decks to their Rift Zones. If any players can't send 5 cards to their Rift Zones, those enemy players lose the game.
Exit Jump WLH 73	WLH	WLH-073.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction	12TP	Common	Negate 1 attack that targets the user of this card.;Send the user to their owner's Reserve Zone.
Grab Revenge WLH 74	WLH	WLH-074.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Trigger	8TP	Rare	Trigger: Your Maximum CS is below 6. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);On Activate: Hit target enemy Player for 4 damage [6-Maximum CS] times. If successful, your Maximum CS becomes 6.
Long-Distance Snipe WLH 75	WLH	WLH-075.png	Metal	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Trigger Physical	8TP	Common	Trigger: Both you and an enemy Player have at least 1 Character in the Character Zone and 1 Character in the Reserve Zone. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);Lock-On (This card can directly attack enemy players and Characters in Reserve Zones.);On Activate: Hit target enemy Character for 10 damage. If successful, your target gains Concussion until your next Starting Phase.
Miracle Break WLH 76	WLH	WLH-076.png	Light	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Reaction	15TP	Uncommon	This card can be played from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;This card can only be played from your Hand.;Prevent all damage you receive until your next turn's Starting Phase.
Overcharged Blackout WLH 77	WLH	WLH-077.png	Dark/Storm	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Reaction - Trigger	5TP	Rare	Trigger: The total combined TP among all enemy Players is 20 or more. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);On Activate: Hit all enemies for X Unblockable damage, where X is equal to the total combined TP among all Players. Additionally, put 3 Blindness Counters on all enemy Characters.
Refresh WLH 78	WLH	WLH-078.png	Time/Light	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Trigger	10TP	Rare	Trigger: An ally Character has at least 1 Keyword not originating from its own card effects. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);On Activate: Remove all unoriginal Keywords from target ally Character. Additionally, heal your target for 10 HP.
Superposition Switch WLH 79	WLH	WLH-079.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Reaction	0TP	Ultra Rare	This card is Null-type.;Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);This card can be played from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;This card can only be played from your Hand.;Target 1 card in the current chain except for cards named Superposition Switch. Put your target on top of the chain.
Tempo Pump WLH 80	WLH	WLH-080.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction - Trigger	8TP	Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);Trigger: You enter your End Phase. (This card is played face down in your Equip Zone. On Trigger: Reveal this card and activate it.);On Activate: Flip 4 coins. If all coins are Heads, it becomes your Starting Phase. The round is still the same.
Trigger Buster WLH 81	WLH	WLH-081.png	Time	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Reaction	6TP	Rare	This card can be played from your Hand without you being in The Last Stand.;This card can only be played from your Hand.;Prevent 1 Trigger Reaction. Send that card to its owner's Rift Zone.
Mark of X WLH 82	WLH	WLH-082.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Skill Command	30TP	Ultra Rare	Materials: 4 Characters;Directions: Diagonal;This card is Null-type.;Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.) ;Send all cards on the field to their owners' Rift Zones. If this card's Command Material requirements are met, for each card sent to the Rift Zone this way, hit target enemy Player for 5 Relentless damage.
Area Grab WLH 83	WLH	WLH-083.png	Space	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill Zone - Buildup	10TP	Super Rare	Buildup 2 (On Enter Field: Place this card in a Character Zone. On Stack of 2: Activate this card.);On Activate: You may move this card to any Zone of your choice. If this card is moved to a Zone you own, you get +2 Maximum CS until this card is destroyed.;While In Play: The Zone this card is in becomes a Character Zone in addition to its other Zone types until this card is destroyed. Additionally, you gain control of that Zone in addition to its other controllers until this card is destroyed. That Zone's owner pays your CS costs for any Character cards you control in that Zone.
Brutal Punishment WLH 84	WLH	WLH-084.png	Dark/Earth	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Skill - Physical	10TP	Uncommon	Catalyst Darkness, Earth 2 (You must send 2 card(s) you control with at least 1 of the listed Elements, Subtypes, or Supertypes from your Hand or your side of the field to their owner's Discard Pile(s) in order to play this card.);Hit all enemy Characters for [PLV+3] Relentless damage. For each successful hit, put 5 Blindness or Fracture Counters on that target.
Cross Contaminate WLH 85	WLH	WLH-085.png	Dark/Nature	N/A	N/A	Hyper Rank	Skill	7TP	Uncommon	This card can only be used by Characters.;This card can only be played if the user has at least 1 Poison, Blindness, and Drain Counter.;Put 7 Poison, Blindness, and Drain Counters on all enemy Characters.
Garbage Redirect WLH 86	WLH	WLH-086.png	Dark/Metal	N/A	N/A	Devastation Rank	Skill - Buildup	10TP	Rare	Void (On Destroyed: Send this card to its owner's Rift Zone.);Buildup 8 (On Enter Field: Place this card in a Character Zone. On Stack of 8: Activate this card.);If a face-up card you own and control is sent to your Discard Pile, you may add it to this card's Stack instead.;On Activate: Send all enemy Characters to their owners' Discard Piles. For each Character sent to a Discard Pile this way, that Character's owner sends the top card of their Deck to their Discard Pile.
Godpurge Hypernova WLH 87	WLH	WLH-087.png	Space/Fire	N/A	N/A	Legendary Rank	Skill - Energy	30TP	Ultra Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);Catalyst Skill 5 (You must send 5 card(s) you control with at least 1 of the listed Elements, Subtypes, or Supertypes from your Hand or your side of the field to their owner's Discard Pile(s) in order to play this card.);Reaction Immune (This card cannot be targeted or affected by cards or abilities with the listed effects.);Target 1 enemy. Hit your target for 100 damage.
Draw Power WLH 88	WLH	WLH-088.png	Null	N/A	N/A		World Rule		Omega Rare	If a Player draws cards during any Phase except their Draw Phase, that Player gains 1 TP for each card drawn this way.
Omnipresence WLH 89	WLH	WLH-089.png	Null	N/A	N/A		World Rule		Omega Rare	All cards have Void Immune.;All cards that are sent to the Rift Zone are sent to their owners' Discard Piles instead.
Power Shield WLH 90	WLH	WLH-090.png	Null	N/A	N/A		World Rule		Omega Rare	All Characters can hold an additional amount of Power Counters equal to half of their Maximum HP, rounded down.;Any Characters that receive damage lose Power Counters before receiving damage if they have any.;Any Characters that gain HP that exceeds their Maximum HP gain Power Counters equal to the difference, up to the amount of Power Counters they can hold.
Close Quarters Combat WLH 91	WLH	WLH-091.png	Null	N/A	N/A		Zone		Uncommon	This card can only be played in your Frontline Extra Zone.;The Zone this card is in becomes a Close Quarters Combat Zone. It counts as both a Character Zone and an Extra Zone in addition to its other Zone types until this card is destroyed.;Characters in a Close Quarters Combat Zone deal and receive double damage.
Sanctuary WLH 92	WLH	WLH-092.png	Null	N/A	N/A		Zone		Super Rare	Mythical (Only 1 copy of this card can exist in your Deck.);This card can be played in any Zone you own. If the Zone is no longer yours, destroy this card.;The Zone this card is in becomes a Sanctuary Zone. It counts as both a Character Zone and an Extra Zone in addition to its other Zone types until its destroyed.;All damage received by cards in the Sanctuary Zone becomes Basic damage and is divided by 2, rounded up.
Spontaneous Sentience WLH 93	WLH	WLH-093.png	Null	N/A	N/A	Ultra Rank	Zone		Ultra Rare	The Zone this card is in becomes a Character Zone in addition to its other Zone types until this card is destroyed.;All face-up cards in the Zone this card is in count as Characters with HP equal to their TP Cost and 1 PLV in addition to their other Supertypes and effects until this card is destroyed or they leave the field. If those cards have the Skill or Reaction Supertype, Mute them.